Um, the title of my talk is will AI assistance be open like the web or closed like iOS, this is something I really care about. So I want more people to work on the open version. I think that you, all of you can influence the outcome and I'm going to convince you of that. So this talk is about open platforms. And I want to convince you that it's urgent to work on open platforms for AI assistance, that they are better, that you can make a dent in them and give you a list of open problems that I know of, this is urgent because there's a platform.

coming, and that large companies are all building closed-source platforms. The platform shift is coming. So Michael Greenwich, founder of WorkOS, said two days ago at a conference, the UI era is ending. He had a really good talk, you should watch it, the QR code is over there. He showed how if you look at all the AI systems, they all look the same. And why is that? Because the UI is kind of going away, and it's all just conversation now. He even showed, like, linear, and it's a whole different app, but it looks like AI chat now. So the interface is disappearing, it's all becoming natural language. And one thing is that, like, the open web was built on UI, and it's kind of going away, and maybe it gets replaced by chat.com. Like OpenAI is building a super app, it's called ChatGPT, it has a billion users, it has an app store, you can even do commerce on it. And it could become the next major platform, like iOS. And it threatens, in a way, to replace the web as the platform that consumers use every day. And I think open platforms are better. Put down a table here, like, they're permissionless, you don't need anyone's blessing to publish an app. The trust and safety model is that, like, users are empowered to protect themselves and block people. And there's no tax. You don't pay anyone just because your users are using a different platform. I want to convince you that you can make a dent to make an open platform happen. And this is because it's a coin toss, if you look at history. Sometimes platforms end up open, sometimes closed. Tech companies underinvest in building open platforms, so there's an opportunity for all of you. And open platforms win against closed ones, if they exist. So if you look at the history, mobile and game consoles, they're closed and we pay the 30% tax. Desktop web and email are kind of open. Messaging is kind of mixed. IRC is open. Text is kind of open, but the careers kind of control it. RCS is open. iMessage and WhatsApp are closed, so businesses that want to contact you, they pay a fee to the platforms. And our social is closed, but the atmosphere might change that. Tech companies prefer building closed platforms, because they get to earn more money doing that. Open AIs build ChatGPD plugins. It was a closed platform. It was kind of like you package your tools and publish them on OpenAI. They got to choose which tools got accepted. Open platforms win because they get adopted faster. So for example, MCP came out, and it got first class support by Entropic OpenAI, Cursa, and all these other apps, just because everyone was suddenly on board when they weren't really on the plugins. This also, MCP also led to a bunch of other things, like OpenAI launched ChatGPD apps, but there was an open version of this, MCPUI, that got then integrated into Entropic's MCP, and now we have MCP apps, and now OpenAI also got on board, and they also support MCP apps as well, which I think is pretty cool. So if they exist, they end up getting more adoption, and then even OpenAI gradually has to accept and support that as well. I want us to avoid the ChatGPD tags. By tags, I mean, we call it a tag because as a business, you pay Apple just to get access to the Apple users as customers, and they're not really that active as part of the transaction. So are we going to pay a tag to get access to ChatGPD users? So I wonder, what is a ChatGPD user? So they have the integration set up. Memory is, I think, a big thing. So the AI system knowing who you are and what your preferences are matters. Can we build an open version of this? It's not open source, right? You don't want to share your whole memory to any business that you want to work with. So what's a way to do that without being locked into a giant company? The subscription for tokens is interesting. Does this proposal for window.ai on the web, maybe we can get browsers to sell you subscriptions so that that's not tied into everything else and you don't have to pay $20 for every service you use. The labs do get a benefit by building their own models. There's a reason why all the agent coding harnesses are by the labs. Cloud models work best with cloud code. Codex works best with open AI models. So maybe they have some sort of moat there, but I would love to see if there's a way to also dismantle a bit of that advantage. MCP helps a lot with integrations, although there's a little bit of moat in having the OAuth connection set up. Maybe WordPress can help us there. Yeah. This is my Twitter. I care about this a lot. So come talk to me if this is interesting to you. Thanks. Excellent. Excellent. All right. We'll get one question. Yeah. So OpenCloth was obviously a really big platform and then the creator of OpenCloth, he actually had to spend like $30,000 a month or $15,000 a month just keeping the project going. And then it gets acquired by OpenAI, so darn it. How do you build the business model into an open platform so that it can sustainably be open as a founder? How do you think about that? And secondly, how do you make these open platforms really seamless and easy to use for like normal users who inevitably would need to also use them? I think you have some structural advantages and some structural disadvantages. So like I pointed out, collaboration between multiple companies is easier if the protocols are open. The downside is, yeah, usually UX is kind of like the breaking point. I think that's maybe why our desktop operating systems are closed source and not open source. UX never caught up with the UX. And then, yeah, I think you won't earn monopoly level revenue maybe, but you can still like do web hosting on the web and earn money through that. So if by being early to the platforms, you can build the right tools and services to make money. It's just not monopoly level money that you make. Amazing. Thank you, Simon. We have a really short... Oh, give it up for Simon. All right. Rachel's doing two minutes and then we're going to go... Are you in the Zoom, Dan? Okay. And then we're going to go John, and then we're going to wrap up. I'm going to step out to grab food, but you have the floor, Vaibhav. Cool.