How many of you have worked with agent memory at large companies? Some of you. Who can define agent memory? Actually, if you looked at it on a computer, what is it? Is it a markdown file? I have someone who wants to define it for us. Anything that's going to fit into your context window that is preset, persisted. Amazing. Memory is context engineering. Yes. If you think about this, agents are super powerful. You give them access to tools. You assume when you rolled them out across over a thousand people at an organization, they're going to actually build up a lot of institutional knowledge. Our challenge was like, okay, great. We gave everyone access to this. Are we going to have people who aren't super technical pull up GitHub and start contributing to memory files across a different code base and have an approval process? No. We thought that would be way too complicated for us to wrangle in. Instead, we looked at some of the research that was going on. How many of you have heard of the agentic context engineering paper here by Jang and others? So this is actually a good reference. If you do look up this paper, I totally recommend it. It's actually quite simple. The TLDR is basically they're going through all the chat logs. They're maintaining a watermark of all the recent conversations, doing some distillation. And you can think about it as updating like a nice markdown file with tons of context in a way that's actually quite verbose because as models get better, it can actually handle that. So basically what we did, we have several applications across go-to-market, including Playbook, which is how our go-to-market teams actually do outbound. We have the analytics agents, which handles all our Texas SQL use cases. We obviously have Salesforce. And really, when you think about the architecture that brings us all together, you have the database behind this. Who are the people that are our customers, people that we haven't reached out to yet? Are we going to personalize our outreach to them? But the problem we quickly came across was when people are using agents and you just let them use out-of-the-box tools, all the user memory is actually quite siloed. And you have to hope that that user is going to go either execute with that knowledge or go update Salesforce or brief everybody to set up a meeting, Slack a bunch of people. All this stuff just gets lost, right? So effectively what we did was we said, okay, we're going to have all this user session scope memory that's going to come through a data ingestion pipeline. We're going to build out some company institutional knowledge automatically across a few predefined dimensions there. So I'll give you an example. We have an internal chat product called GTM intelligence, customer intelligence. It has access to, and I'm going to get into some code here. So generally, like you can think of these like heavily wrapped with like Lang chain, Redis, Postgres to track the conversation history, Langsmith tracing for our evaluations and analysis and optimization. Now we said, okay, great. We have all the chat sessions in Postgres. Why don't we stream this through a data pipeline? We're actually doing LLM driven distillation. And then write that back into the skill stores that are used in future prompts. So it is a form of context engineering. So like when you actually like look at like the agents that we have internally, like they have a pretty beefy internal inventory of tools, right? They can go analyze gone calls. They can go through email threads. They can go through Salesforce. They can do web research with APIs. And when you have hundreds of sophisticated users internally who are asking great questions, doing great research, all this stuff, they're most likely going to come across a lot of data that we automatically want institutional knowledge around. Meaning like, hey, someone at one of our customers, like there's a new critical executive who just joined. We want to meet them. They might find that out through an enrichment tool that one of our agents invoked in the background and automatically put that as context for the next rep who takes it over, whether it's between AM, SDR, AE. So how that data pipeline actually works. So like I said, we track all our conversations in Postgres. We stream that out to Databricks where we have an incremental data pipeline there using the watermark of the... Basically, we have a monotonically increasing key that we can identify new conversations by, which tells us, okay, what are the new conversations that we need to go back and redistill? So this solves the core problem of saying like, okay, now we actually have one pipeline distill all our conversations and feed that back as skills in the chat. So we have a few, and I think every organization needs to figure out how to do this, but what are the core dimensions of memory that you want to do across these models? So, for example, for intelligence, deal intelligence, we have user and user account relations, which are obviously scoped purely to that user. It's private. It's not institutional, quote, unquote. But account opportunities, contacts, competitors that we frequently come across are tracked across the company. Now, we also have a Texas SQL agent, and you could imagine when we have hundreds of people doing SQL analysis and generating slides, like here's one example that our Texas SQL agent can do where we basically analyze like the MQL lift from our Super Bowl ad, right? More than one person is going to ask this question, right? So we don't want to burn tons of tokens asking the same questions, running the same tools, doing the same SQL queries, generating the same slides, right? When this question is asked multiple times, we can actually pull it up from our prom cache and say, okay, this question has been asked before. Why don't you reference this again, right? Rather than doing all the analysis again from scratch. And of course, this is a probabilistic process with an agent loop. Like there's a chance you could get differing answers for similar questions, which we want to kind of minimize the risk of that happening. Now, one of the cool things, like the Texas SQL is built on top of a semantic layer, right? How many of you heard of a semantic layer in the BI world? Okay, excellent. So we can use the same pipeline, like when there's new synonyms that pop up, little quirks in the data, right? The users will tell us that over the prompts, right? So the magic here is like with this pipeline, we can actually automatically update our semantic layer too, right? So this feeds into some nice business intelligence abstractions in a way that we can actually like scale it out, right? We don't have to go back and like manually edit YAML files every time like someone complains to us that like, hey, this agent doesn't know what an S1 is, right? Like, no, you tell the agent, the agent's going to update our semantic layer automatically, right? So that's a super fun side effect of this. And we've noticed other fun side effects just from having a memory distillation pipeline and managing these dimensions. Like right now we have around 10 dimensions, but I imagine over time we'll have, you know, over 100, right? As soon as we figure out like all the ways we can express institutional knowledge that our organization builds out through chatting with these agents that have access to these super powerful tools. That's basically it. Any questions I can answer? Fascinating. Memory, data, pipelines, inside a large team. Go for it. What's been the hardest part of building the evals part about this?

you're putting in the hands of non-technical users who likely don't understand where the context is really coming from. It's an approximation in their brains. Yeah. So one of the nice things is in our user interface, we do the streaming context of all the tools that the agent's using. So we'll say like, hey, we're parsing through gone conversations, looking up data from Salesforce, looking at customer activity, et cetera. So there is some trust there. For evals, we have our golden data set, like our ground truth is assumptions of what people ask. And then as issues pop up that get flagged to us, ideally what happens is, okay, we add that to our... Zoom is dying over here. We lost your screen share. Yeah. TLDR, we just have our golden data set of questions that we expect users to answer. And we keep that updated based on actual user input. Amazing. Give it up for John. Thanks, everybody. Okay. We got one more and then we're going to wrap up and then we got happy hour. There's some more food. There's some drinks over there. We got... I'm not going to say his name. He can say his own name. I told him he has three minutes. Last talk. Bruce brings it in. Awesome. Cool. Awesome.