Yes. I'm going to be fast because my computer is also dying. Exactly. My name is Dan. I am from Boston, Massachusetts. I'm actually new here in these parts. I'm not new in this space. I've been doing this for four years or so, building production harnesses. I am the founder of Open Pros. We're in the current YC batch. But on the side for the last several months, I've been doing something fun, playing with RLMs. So just a quick show of hands. How many people here use coding agents enough that you have gotten familiar with compaction? When to use it, when not? You have this love-hate relationship with compaction. Pretty much everyone. Okay. How many people are aware of or familiar with what an RLM, a recursive language model, is? Okay. Very few. Some. I'm assuming that nobody has tried to implement a recursive language model. Anyone? Cyrus? Oh, yeah. So a couple months ago, a paper came out, Alex Song and Omar, the DSPi guys, released an interesting pattern for using large language models. They called it a recursive language model. And what it does is it leans into a handful of patterns that other harnesses have been building over the last years. And the core insight of their pattern is that the language model should break tasks into smaller pieces and then delegate tasks to copies of itself. And the way it does that is it interacts with its environment using code. And so you end up with this almost recursive tree-like structure of context instead of a linear structure where you accumulate context as it builds. And one of the things I've come to find when playing with these things is you actually want to shape your context differently because you are not accumulating context linearly. This is a clever idea that I came up with that I like to think of RLM context as a heads up display. So as the agent is interacting with its environment, it's accumulating knowledge about its environment. The context window that we're used to being pretty fixed can be quite large. It can be a Python repo, as was the case in the original paper. But it can also be a file system. It can be something even bigger. It can be the whole web. And so as the harness, as the agent accumulates knowledge, it needs some way of dropping that knowledge on its minions as it delegates in its subagents. And so the way I've structured this is almost as this heads up display of wrapping the environment context in the roles and responsibilities delegated to it by the outer model. And one clever piece of an RLM is as the parent breaks apart the problem into smaller subcomponents, it doesn't have to pass along the entire context into its child. It only has to pass a small slice of that context. However, it still needs to pass the higher level goals, the higher level context to help orient the child, because otherwise the child can get disoriented. And so this heads up display kind of maintains the frame that every layer of the call stack maintains this outer context frame. And then as you delegate, you pass slices of the environment down into children. The children learn, summarize, do whatever they need to do on the inner slice, and then synthesize that back up to the parent. So I like to think of this context not as this accumulating window of actions that we see in linear models, in linear agents, but almost like this viewport that gets re-updated every time the parent learns something new from the children. Questions? Dope. Questions?  All right. Turn it on. Hello. My name's Anders. How do you balance curating a viewport with actually not breaking the prompt cache? That is the great question. The answer is you do break it, and to an extent. There are ways of doing this. So if we take back a couple of these, you break the second half of the cache. You can keep the first half. Maybe you can think of it almost like you can keep it up the top level context until the environment. But then as you're effectively compacting, so this replaces compaction, because the parent is, as it delegates, it rewrites the environment summary to its child. That replaces the compaction step effectively. You preserve the first half of the prompt, but yes, it breaks the cache for the second half. And that's, in my opinion, a sacrifice worth making for just better context. In fact, I think actually prompt caching gets a little bit too...

I think it's a good metric, but I think it is over-indexed a little bit in our current discourse. Do you want your models to be smart or cheap? Bingo. And actually, if you make them smart, you might just save calls. Amazing. Thank you, Dan. Give it up for Dan. Next up, we got John, who's going to tell you what he's talking about. He's going to figure it out when he gets there. Are you in the Zoom? Oh, while he sets up. Who has agent anxiety? I know a lot of you must. I see a lot of Cloud Code running in the background here. Maybe even some of you in the foreground. How do you guys cope with it? Who goes to bed guaranteeing Cloud Code runs at least once? When you're on a synchronous call, you just have to stop. Agent anxiety is like, I have to kick off my agent and someone's trying to talk to me. I want to kick off my agent and then get back to the person talking to me, but I don't want them to feel like they're ignoring me. Me and my co-founder, we actually talk asynchronously in voice memos so that I can reply to his last message when I have time. I have a lot of 15 to 20 second windows of time to talk to people, but not more than that. That's how I cope with it.