Yeah, I think some of the subtext that's going on throughout this is don't outsource the thinking and what is slop really. It sort of depends at what layer of abstraction we're even talking about. Because if you read lines of code and you say this looks like slop to me or this architecture isn't one that I agree with, then you could cast off the code that you're reading and say, this isn't right for this code base. It needs to be this style or something. But actually if codex can just be responsible for all that stuff and reliably continue to make software that works, that you can verify with your own eyes, then actually maybe our definition of slop needs to move up the abstractions. So instead of saying this line of code is not right because it's not the right data structure that I prefer or I conceive that there's going to be this problem in production downstream from it, you really want to question what is actually a problem and what isn't. Because sometimes you say that something needs to be a certain data structure when it really doesn't. And in actuality, there's a different architecture that codex is able to conceive of that you don't agree with, but it'll actually work when you run the application. So this is the abstraction tree I think of. And I have a product that I am making. It's a game engine that helps people use coding agents to develop 2D games. And the idea is that you can just let the coding agent handle the more tedious and technical parts of making a game. You don't have to learn C Sharp or something or learn a scripting language even. You're just delegating work to the coding agent to do stuff in a coding editor that you would have had to do manually. So if you've ever opened Unity or Unreal Engine, you have to click around this game engine and set up stuff yourself. But if agents are really good at computer use and using a computer, they can just make art assets, connect them to a scene, and then script game mechanics that work at runtime. So I did want to show some interesting things from this. That's the networking library. This is how I generally code. So it's a two-by-two of different codex panels. And I have here, these are like the crates. So I'm not familiar with Rust. I couldn't write Rust if my life put me in a room. I could not write a for loop or a function in Rust to make executing code if my life depended on it. But yet, this is approximately like a 400,000-line code base of Rust that's rendering a native 2D game engine. And here it is. I can move around the screen. I can move stuff around the game scene. I've got colliders and sprites and stuff. I've used these game engines. I've experienced them as a user. And then I'm just sort of working backwards from that understanding. I'm familiar with TypeScript. I've developed software at enterprises and whatnot. But I've never written a systems programming language, never wrote C or C++, obviously not Rust. I used to use Zig, but I switched to Rust because codex is good at it. And I'm just riding this wave of least mental effort to just get the agents to be productive at what I need them to do and what I need them to do for people, which is take away the mental burden of making software. So I've got a world. I've got some assets from my computer here. I can click to import them. I made this pixel art editor, actually, too, where you can bring in different things. I can paint on it and save. And then it propagates to all the game assets in the scene. And the idea is you connect the coding agent to this and you just say, hey, make three different variants of this crate, make them different colors, and then put them in the game scene and scatter them around the world for players to discover the secrets inside of them. That's conceptually at a high level what someone would say. The agent would go off and perform that stuff on your computer for you. And this, again, this is not a web app. This is native Rust. This panel on the side is not a web view like JavaScript. This is all eGUI, which is an immediate mode rendering in Rust that the agent just wrote. And I didn't read any of the code for this. So I would really maybe question how much we need to be reading code. If it works, it kind of just works to some degree. You can stress test things if you need to. But directionally, I think this is maybe an insight into a way of making software that is a bit different than what we're used to. The other thing I wanted to share was, oh, yeah, sorry, real quick. There's open source implementations of very common libraries for things. And people have already done some things that is not in the model's training data off the top of its head. So instead of rendering from scratch a UI rendering library, you could just point it to Godot or point it to default, an open source game engine, and say, okay, hey, what's the high level abstraction here that this engine is using? And then use something like DeepWiki to get a high level understanding of the code, fork it or clone it locally, and then have your agent read the source code from this high level trajectory that this gives your agent. I found that to be much more productive than implementing things from scratch, and it's more token efficient. Just an idea. Food for thought. Nice. I have a question. I have no stake in this. What is the closest you have come to encountering a bug or a problem that agents can't solve? But I mean one that the agents can't solve. You're still not reading the code, so you haven't hit the one that the agent across the board will never be able to solve, I imagine. But what's the closest you've come to that? Yeah, I think some things are higher friction, like the UI rendering library that I've chosen. I had to go through a few of them, and there's different levels of friction with each one and how much they abstract away problems. It's really friction-based. I think I was using Zig before, I mentioned. There's been API changes to that language, and the agent just slows down or comes to a halt. I have a general idea of what's conceptually possible on a computer to do, and that's just what's guiding that decision. I don't know. What do you mean impossible? Like the agent can't do it? I have one eval that I keep tucked away that is every new model comes out, I'm like, can you figure out this? I know the solution to the race condition, and no model can solve it. Yeah, I haven't seen strange race conditions like that. But maybe, say with scale or something, there's going to be some crazy bug hidden somewhere. Cool, Tyler. My name is Tyler. I'm just curious. I haven't actually tried using agents in a programming language I didn't already understand. Now that you've had that experience in probably both cases, did you find that you interacted with the AI differently when working on the Rust code base versus one that you would understand, or did you find it to be pretty much the same way of interacting with your coding agents? It probably helped that I got out of the agent's way. So it was better. It was better that you didn't know the code. Probably, because I would have said, oh, hey, do this. You're doing React components this way. I actually prefer it like this, because that's a problem that I don't have right now. It's dealing with higher levels of abstraction sometimes. There's a world where codecs can actually really help.

write code in a way that we can't verify. Or yeah, there's a world where it learns its own way of coding through reward hacking or something that works faster and better. And it seems foreign to us. And even Codex does this sometimes. It names variables, weird stuff, or it does strange things. But it's been through a totally different experience than we have, so be open-minded to that. Yeah. You're going to go through all your Slack notes. I thought you were into transparency, dude. OK, Mario, cut that one from the recording. All right, we'll do one more question, and then Andrew. Andrew, you want to go next? Not you, the other Andrew. You ready to rock? Andrew has a question. We'll get hooked up. Dex. Hey, man, Matthew. How much of, I'm curious, you're building a game engine. The things you might want a game engine to do is kind of a well-known set. What are you doing when you have four agents open? And what's the gap between having a full spec? You can even have the model make you a spec of what a game engine should do. Where are you in this process? Are you still, do you understand my question? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I've used different game engines, so I have an idea of the friction points of what I've experienced when using them. And it's thinking, what is the right product? I mean, this is an unknown thing that we're exploring now. What does it look like for someone non-technical to make interactive software on a computer? Previously, game engines were made for technical people. They involve model behaviors, C-sharps, and Lua scripting languages. So to some degree, it's unknown territory. I'm just going off of, I play test the engine. I try to make stuff with it. And I see, how does that directionally feel? And I let other people try it as well. And then say, what do they get stumped on? So it's really based on experience, like someone physically experiencing it. How far ahead are you planning when you're doing product? Do you have a big feature, or is it really one thing at a time with the agents? Yeah, I have, this is something I think very far ahead, but sometimes it's better to be very near-term focused. So I have an idea of what it looks like to make software in this way long-term. But you obviously have to balance that with, OK, what can I do for people today? What is the capability of these agents? It's not a 3D engine for a reason, because models struggle with 3D perception. So it's more like, what are the agents capable of today? And what is the right mental model for making games that is compelling for people today? Amazing. Thank you, Andrew. You want to talk more games, he will be out at the happy hour. Thanks, dude. We got other Andrew. Ready to rock? Amazing. He's got two more over there.