So I'm Ivan. Nice to meet you all. I actually was not prepared to talk, but I will try to do it both a little bit cool and then we'll get quite technical. So this is a quote from a book that I read. I've been coding since I was kind of 13 and what really kind of saddens me is that people now just call blindly and the quote is like when there is understanding, it can lead to a feeling of control of mastery and of satisfaction or even pride or strong positive emotions. And when you bond blindly, you have no idea what's going on. So I've been thinking a lot about how you can still understand what's happening, but not being super slow, not reading every line of code. And my conclusion is code itself has never been kind of my thought process. Like you should not outsource thinking, right? So initially I was thinking about a few people mentioned it earlier, diagram stuff, just like prompting around, showing what has been changed. The issue is LLMs are statistical models and I'm not really sure that they are not lying to me. They always tend to tell you, Oh, you're doing an amazing job. I have the full context, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I have thirst issues with them. So I wanted to have more of a deterministic outlook of what has been changed. And that is why the talk is called like weeping agents with static analysis. So initially we started by just creating like a control field.

and then asking an LLM agent to visualize it. The issue with that is agents, LLMs in general, have a very strong bias around architectural views. They think that every person is like the most amazing engineer, and then you follow practices. In reality, what happens often is you have a complete mess, especially if you're using agents blindly. So with time, we started using less and less LLMs. I'm not sure how to show code. So this is kind of the diagram view that I've been thinking of. I will try to show code, but there's like a lot of code. So the way I will do it is, whenever you have your LLM give you something, how we whip it is we validate every edge that comes out with the static analysis. What kind of issue this brings is you steer the LLM in a very strong direction. When you tell an LLM that it is wrong, it takes it really personally. Probably you've noticed. You're absolutely right, this and that. So I will promote here, Tristco. Probably some of you have used it. It is a way to extract from documents structured output. And what I want to promote is this JSON patch. So instead of steering completely everything away from what has happened, you want to, whenever you whip the agent back, you don't say completely rethink what has been done. There are two mistakes. Find where you need to patch only those two mistakes. And this approach sounds kind of quite easy. But in reality, what we found is it's actually, even with this, it's quite difficult because if you use a very smart model, they think that this patch has to happen on a million places. So we are actually trying to use very fast models, like for example, Gemini Flash, which are also capable, but are not reasoning too much. Because in order for me to test representation, it has to be based on the static analysis, not on the reasoning of the model itself. I want to be the reasoning, not the model. And then the static analysis part. So I wanted this for everything, like for my random scripts, for big projects, for small projects. That means that there are a lot of text stacks. And it's very difficult to do static analysis for every programming language. So we started using LSPs. No, firstly, we started using Tree Seater with syntax trees. The issues with them is it's very hard to actually come up with a solid control flow graph because they just parse file by file, right? They don't do the type of science and then connect inter-files. So we moved one layer of abstraction up with LSPs. And we were like, oh, VS Code uses LSPs. It should be so easy. Nothing should really stop us from doing that. And then this kind of thing showed up, adapters. Turns out LSPs work 60% of the time. The other 40, you need to go and do a proper setup, add your config files. And with time, we understood that programming languages in the green field are super easy to parse. But then as soon as you have a project which is two, three, four years old, everyone has custom-built configs. Everyone has a lot of stuff around how they build their projects. And we went a step back, okay, let's use LLMs because LLMs, they don't care about this stuff. So I've been bouncing back and forth how much you can abstract away to the LLM and how much you use the static analysis. We've also played with dynamic analysis a bit, but then that produces very long traces and it's extremely difficult to set up for every project out there. So kind of for now, what I would say, our main learnings is move as much as possible away from the LLM if you want to have a trustworthy representation. The abstractions, I cannot really tell you what is the best approach. The way we do it is like create a CFG, minimal edge cutting, and then group these clusters together. Use the LLM only for the nice naming. And then actually you end up with something that you can trust somewhat. I still read code, that's why, I mean, yeah, it's like everything is interlinked. But my general idea about understanding is that it's not important the code itself, it's important to know how things are interlinked together, why things work in certain way. And then whenever a problem comes in, I can go find exactly where the issue is and then fix it myself. I mean, know how to prompt to fix it myself. Yeah, I guess that's kind of it. I'm more looking to hear what you guys think. How do you feel about code understanding in general? And if we have more time for questions, it's just better. Thank you, Ivan. Is this crazy? Are people doing this? Is this a good idea? All right, let's go to the man in the back. My name's Ian. So I actually built something incredibly similar to this. It was using TreeSetter to do static analysis, but then I actually used something I was calling dive tags, where I let the LLM basically define semantically links between files. And I used the combined static analysis plus the LLMs to kind of map out the code base. I found that worked actually pretty well. And it seems like you're taking this more seriously than I am. I did it on a weekend project. So I'm curious if you've experimented with that. Yeah, so we started with file level granularity. The issue with file level granularity, in my opinion, is that LLMs tend to overblow the files. So they will just write 800 lines of code in a single file. And that's why I think that you should do method level, because at the end of the day, that is the actual control flow. And file names, and generally comments, all types of strings just introduce noise. And then if you name your, for example, main.py, the LLM would always think it's the entry point, even though it might not be. Interesting. Cool. Thank you. I'm curious, where is this quote from? Yeah, so I read Design of Everyday Things. It is a quote around how you should set temperature in your fridge. It's a beautiful, beautiful thing to go read. Talks about door handles. Yeah, exactly. And pencils, yeah. Okay, one more, and then we're going to jump to the last talk of this block, and then we'll have some coffee, and then we'll do one more block. Encore and thermostats, so that's a big one in that book. I feel like I would love to code on top of this. Like, I would love to just prompt on, like, a static analysis layer with, like, diagrams and not have to actually read the code, but know that it is actually representative of the code. Is it something you've tried to, like, actually just be like, hey, I want to build on top of this ender's game kind of world? Yeah, gotcha. So, I mean, ultimately what this representation that I showed wants to be is a real-time representation of your code. I didn't show it, but we parse and we index the code at any point, so whenever you prompt and new methods come in, some modifications come in, they're immediately represented, so that's why a few of these nodes are highlighted. The ones that are highlighted have modifications, and then you can, in real time, see exactly which methods have been added or modified, because that is exactly what I also want to do on there, yeah. Okay, cool. Thank you, Ivan. That was dope. Next up, we got Dylan, who has a cool talk. Dylan automated something that I never thought would be automated or never thought would be worth automating, so he's going to share how he did it, and then he has a surprise for us all or something? Dexter used this cheat code and says, I choose Dylan. I have a couple cheat codes. You know, Vibob's cheat code is he's going to give four more talks today. That's the surprise. Half those are mine. You just don't know which ones. Totally quite bad ones if I only got two selected. All right, while he sets up. Next question on my list. Sorry, my GPT engine is running out of tokens. Oh, actually, I am curious. What programming languages are people using? All right, how many people are using Rust? Correct choices only. How many of you are using Python? A lot of people, okay. TypeScript. Who's exclusively using TypeScript, though? Because everyone uses a little bit of TypeScript. Okay, there we go. Who switched the language, actually? Who's decided that, hey, agents don't work here? You switched to Python or away from Python? You switched to Thai, you'll be happier. Let me help you out. Whatever you want to do. Rust attached, yeah. Put the timer on. Yeah. Gauntlet is ready for you. Dylan's up.