hello everyone my name is Tyler I'm gonna talk about building agents for normies okay so when you build agents for for business for business use cases for people who don't understand agents it's really really hard and this is actually a bit backwards because we're used to coding being hard but coding is actually the easiest thing possible for an agent to do and there's a few reasons why reason number one a coding agent has a brain and it already has memory built into every repository every git commit is like a complete like summary as well as history of what happened so how do you apply this to business tasks where what happened is hidden to the agents and how do you like teach a normal person who isn't in this AI bubble how to like leverage agents without giving up it's really hard so for the last six months I've been trying to figure this out and I'm just gonna share some learnings I've had along the way some of these things have I still have not figured out so if you have any ideas please talk to me after and let me know so I think that 2025 or sorry 2026 this year is the year where agents become proactive and why is that so important because right now agents are just a tool you have to prompt it and so a lot of normies have this blank slate problem where they don't know how to use AI they have to sit there they look at this empty box right and so how do we fix that problem how do we help like normal people understand how to use AI what I realized is that again like this is the product but like I'm just trying to share the principles here we basically created to dues because everyone understands to dues so to do you could think of like a get commit or an issue and so basically what you do is you create all your to do is you have to do for the day and then you can assign yourself to do it or an agent to do it and then what we do is we summarize that to do so the agent can like look back on how basically it did that before so that it can do it right again so to dues are basically commits if that makes sense okay so for those of you have built agents there's like a hot debate right now that I have like friends on both sides so I'm curious here thoughts on this for your personal agents if you have built one do you think that the right approach is to have one agent only or to have multiple agents broken into different subdomains raise your hand if you think one agent only is like how you would approach the problem okay and then raise your hand if you think multiple agents are the way to go yes so it's divided so the problem with having one agent do everything is memory actually so if any of you guys have used open claw how many people have used open claw and like tried to use it memory is really tough with open claw you've probably found that it it forgets things that you told it to do well it's a lot more simple to handle memory if you can scope the agents as small as possible so that's rule number one and and this is in terms of like having your agents do things for you on the business side so I'll give you an example I have a side business that's doing 250 k ARR and about 80% of that runs through this product and so this is a my agent responding to customer support requests and you can see here that basically let me look at this so this is correct helping a user reset a password this is real production data by the way like these are actually customer support requests so how is the agent doing so well here like it's actually remembering what to do it's looking at what it did before and it's applying that again so I'm just going to show you the memory system here memories okay so when my agent does something and I tell it hey you messed up you did something wrong it remembers that as a preference and it saved this in a memory these memories are just text chunks that eventually get compacted into what I call a brain I'm still trying to figure out the right format for this brain but basically this is just a form of compaction that needs to stick with the agent all the time because if you want an agent to be proactive to have a heartbeat like open claw you basically have to break it out of the conversation which means that I'm gonna do a little little demo here and then I'll wrap it up you know like the code is not that interesting to be honest like I think it's cooler to show the agent working but you guys want to see the code or do you want to see the the agent the memory stuff or memory and then we'll look at some code okay okay okay okay so this this is like what makes an agent feel alive so I'm gonna say this where's my whisper flow yeah can someone man build a better whisper look it just crashed okay they need to fight slap-it-slap I want you to address me as if I was a British noble okay so I just want to show this to you basically how many of you have read masters memory blog post on how to handle observational memory a few of you okay I try that it didn't work very well because what I realize is the agent needs to have its own memory tool so that it can decide when it should and should not save a memory so like it just save the memory okay so let's just say hi let's see if it remembers how to address me so how should I be addressed this is awesome I love these live demos but it should have the memory built into context and we'll see here once its brain gears finish turning awesome yeah so it did not have that memory in there I love live demos let's see what happened okay well it's there we just did a thing with a basically caching so maybe that that caused it but basically I'm just gonna rapid-fire the the final learnings when you're building agents for normies they don't understand context so you have to have like manual mode is for coding agents automatic mode is for for normies like you have to kind of build this memory system into it and then you have to basically figure out how to give it that memory when it starts a new conversation every time and you know I would recommend splitting your agents into smaller subsections rather than having one unless you figure out a way to smartly categorize the different memories related to the different functions that it does thanks okay I have a question if you were to hit regenerate can you go back to the previous page there's something I'm just curious about it sounds like your memory system is like a tool based system that you have yes yes there's a tool called save memory yeah but go back to the list the where it said the memory that was medium priority okay this is I'll take you to the one you just did the yeah yeah yeah and can you hit regenerate on the brain really fast I think this is the whole point of compaction yeah can you hit that yeah so this is supposed to be generated automatically when basically like too many memories like when it overflows its token token window basically what I'm thinking is you should probably run that more often and then the users will have a much better experience by Bob telling Tyler I love it yeah I mean you know I think like the brain is basically like lossy compression so just like having the actual memories is important but you have to also think about contradictions because I could change like how I want to be addressed and it needs to know like which priority to to do and that needs to be able to compact those into like a more high level of thinking way okay I'm kind of curious when you hit regenerate are you got are you doing very naive just like passing in the memory and then asking the agent to give you back a text or is are you doing something like DS pi for a prompt prompt about yeah it's it's really simple so I just have like a template basically and I'll show you what like an actual memory system looks like here but basically it's a mix of like specific historical things that happen that are super important to do it right I think this is probably the most interesting one like this is actually saving the most money out of like almost anything else and so you can see this is a format that it fills out but I actually have a prediction so I think that if for those of you have read Andre Karpathy's like LLM wiki article I think that actually might be the right format for memory systems not just for generating like a internal wiki so that's something I'm going to try so you're doing it naively by passing in the approved downvote into the LM yeah

Okay, yeah. We've run a bunch of benchmarks on Cloud Code specifically for memory or markdown files, and they actually work really well. What I have found, having built one of these for ourselves, given it as an early product to people as well, I think this is worthwhile, but I'm curious if you've actually tried to consolidate the memories themselves. So one of the things that we've tried, and actually works really well, is at the time that when you're regenerating this markdown file, instead of regenerating the markdown file, you take new content and consolidate or recreate memories so that they're always up to date and they have some kind of decay mechanism rather than just a pure markdown file so that they can actually be chunked up and searched. Yes, that's really interesting. So I actually think there's three different layers. The basic problem is the conversation doesn't actually make sense anymore for proactive agents. So layer one is actually the agent thinking its short-term thought. Layer three would be memories, and layer four would be the brain. And so you have to think about how do all these kind of flow together. And I would say you need all parts for different reasons. One more. What stack are you using to build your agent? Are you using the Completions API directly? Yeah, we're just using the Vercel AI SDK, and then we have a custom harness we wrote. And what's your name? My name is Tyler. My name is Karthik. All right. How many of you have tried to build memory systems from scratch, from first principles? How many of you have learned that that was a useful exercise? Oh, some of you know. I'm actually hearing from those that tried to build it from scratch and thought it was not a useful exercise. One of you, give me your, who was that? All right. Yeah, I want to hear your thoughts. I mean, this is just the standard not invented here. I mean, I have other shit to do, and me working on infrastructure, when that's not my main company, is always a waste of time for me. Obviously, other people. I learned other things, and there was cool neuroscience conversations, and I just realized, okay, I'm going into philosophy. I was like reading Wikipedia and going down like a rabbit hole. Does that mean that you found that off-the-shelf memory systems worked pretty well for your use case? No, we just changed what we were trying to do, and that made this a little bit easier. Sure. Tyler and I have deliberated. The next one we would like to see is, would you trust Claude with your prod database at three in the morning? I hope the answer is no. Yeah. What I learned from building the memory system is that it's all going to be, at the end of the day, going to be graph. Graph is the final boss of data structures. Then you're building a graph database at the end of the day, all memory systems. I mean, they need to scale at the end of the day. Imagine 10 years worth of notes or emails. Everybody wants to put everything in the context. You need to think about millions of notes. That's what I learned from building a graph database. Okay, sorry. I did watch him join the Zoom, and I forgot to text for that, so you can blame me for that one. Freaking Dexter. One quick reminder. I know a couple people came in late before the intro talk. I want to remind you, please don't share people's affiliation or their names that you heard it from. Everything in this room stays sort of unattributed, and that allows people to share more openly real stories, real problems, things that they're hitting. We all get to learn more. We take that pretty seriously, so please don't go posting the names of people and what they talked about without their permission. Thank you. It doesn't work unless everyone knows that that's what we're doing, and I know a couple people came late. Ready to go? Yeah.