That was a great question. And I just know a bunch of bullshit that we've done to fight slop with slop. We have a Rust code base, like almost 300,000, 400,000 lines of code. It's basically all slop and I don't read the code anymore. So how the heck do we do this? I think there's a couple systems that everyone can do today and make their system way better for even for massive engineering teams. Not only do we not read the code, we also don't do code reviews. So we just merge. I'll show you how we do that in a reliable way without doing any work. First things first, if you have a linter, turn that shit on and make sure you set no warnings allowed. It doesn't matter what language you're running in. Your compiler should have no warnings. There's two reasons for that. One, every single warning that your compiler runs is context that goes into their stupid coding agent and pollutes the shit out of it. Take it out. So go do the effort. Are you turning off the warnings or are you fixing every warning? We fix every warning. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Sorry. I thought that was obvious. Sorry. We're talking to AI engineers. Fix every warning correctly. We got to go back to software engineering. Um, and it did take a lot of work. I know Antonio did this work a long time ago. He spent like a whole four days fixing every warning. And then we forgot to turn that on in CI. So then we got a bunch of warnings again. Now there's a CI check that enforces you cannot merge without warnings. Do that for all of your teammates. Next thing you can do, if any of you have not set up this thing called Preq, it's pre-commit hooks, set them up on your local machine. Why do you do that? For multiple reasons. Every single time I'll open this, I will show stuff. Dot pre-commit. Uh, oh, sorry. Dot. What is this? I don't know. There's some file on here. Oh, LS. Well, I can't ask Claude to open it sadly because I'm trying to open the file. Pre-commit. There we go. Oh, this one. Download Preq. It's basically a library built in Rust that runs pre-commit hooks, but it doesn't use the bullshit that GitHub Actions gives you. It uses something much, much nicer. And don't hate me, but you need to be able to see this. So I will live with the pain. It basically does a bunch of things. And there's small things that make a huge difference. Trailing whitespaces, make your whitespace consistent. It just changes your diffs. Your diff should be only the meaningful parts of your code, not some stuff you have. Turn on a formatter for the same reason. Your diff should be standardized to context, not formatting. You should never have formatting differences across users on your whole codebase. And then we run a bunch of systems. So not only do we run this, we run another thing called Stow. So what did I mean by fighting slop at slop? Did I write Preq? No. Did I write this pre-commit file? No. Use AI agents to build a bunch of internal tools in your codebase that lifts the higher system, the quality of each codebase up. So instead of writing, fixing all the warnings myself, I added this system out there. Instead of actually writing the GitHooks myself, I did some research using Cloud Code to find something that runs GitHooks for me in an automated way and replace all my GitHub actions with this. And I forced everyone on the team to go install it. Next thing that we did, we have this thing called an architecture diagram. Why can't I spell? So especially in the early days of our system, we have, again, a big Rust codebase. We have a lot of interdependencies. How do you get slop? You get slop when arrows start touching into boundaries that they shouldn't. So we actually made tooling using Cloud that basically helps you understand what the boundaries are. Not only did we do that, we went one step further and we built a rule engine that actually tells you what dependencies are allowed to depend on each other. So anytime Cloud does this, it's a CICD break anytime it imports something that it shouldn't. And there's expensive crates, for example, networking and JSON crates that increase the size of crates. How do you solve that? Well, you literally just guarantee in your external dependencies you can visualize external crates that are expensive. So you can visualize that dependency and start understanding it. Because let's be real, we're not reading the code. So you need CICD systems that make it easy to spot the lines of code that make differences. So if stow.toml changes, we'll read that PR and make sure that that's a legitimate change that's actually architecture required. But if it doesn't change, then you at least know the dependency boundaries and every single arrow in this diagram is intentional. So there's a lot of things that we can do, but I think the biggest takeaway is you should build way more internal tools than you think. They take way less time than you think, and it's okay if they are slop. Internal tools should be slop. Build that slop so you don't have slop in the rest of your system that cannot be slop. And if you're not doing that, go ahead. No, that's great. Oh, that was a great closer. You want to keep rambling? That was it. All right. Thank you.

Any questions? Fantastic. Questions? Yeah. Peter. Just a quick question. Something I run into a lot with my small Rust codebase is like, it will, the, uh, Claude will just, like, disable the lint rule for the specific file that violates the the issue. Like, I assume that's just a prompting thing. Like, you just tell Claude, like, under no circumstances can you disable a lint rule. That's what I usually do, but are there, like, better ways that you've found? Yeah. You run a grep, and you guarantee that doesn't allow Clippy As, like, a pre-commit hook? As a pre-commit hook, and you prevent that. And what I do is for really big changes where I know it may not Okay, let's be real. Sometimes the agent's going away, and I don't want it to run every Clippy. So, Clippy is Rust linter, for those that don't know. For those that don't know, it's also damn slow. So, if you run it on every single commit that you're making, that means every sub-agent is going to have to run it every single time. It increases the build task. For really big tasks, you sometimes want to have a little bit more fluidity in your flow, so you'll turn it off. I do that sometimes. I'm bad. But what you do instead is at the very end, when you're finally doing that, then I run a grep command to make sure that all the allow rules are explicitly added. We have some allow rules, but every other one is, like, I remove them manually. Nice. That makes a lot of sense. Just one follow-up question to that. When you talk about these, like, slow tools, sometimes, like, you can sort of preemptively determine that you don't need to run it on all, like, the entire code base. Do you have sort of any tooling to kind of limit how broadly these tools are executed? I have thought about writing more slop to do subtree detection on that. But the reality is I don't have time right now, so it's just not a priority. And frankly, I care way more about correctness, because at least the way I code is I spawn off one task and I spawn off three more. So I don't care that one task takes an extra three minutes running the full system, because I need three more minutes to read the other documents anyway, so it's fine. And while I'm waiting for the other tasks, if I get time, I'll go read some code in the middle. I'll scan around to make sure it's... I thought you said you don't read code. I lied. Kill me now. Has anyone else built internal tools like this? Yeah, I was just going to talk about that. So what we ended up encountering similarly is that Claude, because he wants to get to the finish line very quickly, as you get from the project being 90%, 95% into production quality, we've had it go into changing tests, looking at the tests, and then changing the code to reflect that. We've had it change my network settings, because I'm working with hardware. So I didn't have internet for six hours, because Sonic told me that they were also updating stuff. So it was a cascade of bullshit. We've had every possible permutation of these agents going off the rails. I think two weeks ago, Claude also declined in some kind of quality standard. So we've had to make tests CI running, where it only sends failure cases, or log runners that only send error conditions to the MCP. We've also had to restrict what they can do and what files they can read and what happens, because with some of our hardware stuff, it doesn't have full understanding. I've even had Claude tell me it implemented something and then had a comment in the code that said not implemented and will not implement. So I don't know how to get past some of this stuff. I've had to just write code to get it to the 98%, 99% production quality. Yeah, I mean, as Antonio talked about, we solved some really hard problems purely vibing. But I think one of the big differences is we do spend a lot of time designing the test system. Our tests are not just written. They're deliberately designed. I'll show you two examples really fast. Yes, please. So we have this folder called RigTest. What is this RigTest? Well, like Antonio said, we run all of our code in many languages. So we have a crate template that makes it really easy to add a new test for different languages. And then it will go ahead and go do this. So for Claude, when it researches the code base of how test harnesses are built, it'll actually go build these test cases all the way out. And most of these are generated files that are hard-coded with scripts. And very little of them is actually editable. So there's a folder called Customizable, which is it's allowed to edit, nothing else. And we do that via basically just structure of the README and also what it's supposed to do. There's another thing we do, which is in our... No, fuck that. Because firstly, there's like 50 different agents. I don't want to adapt every single time to that agent. And then also, I think every single... Yeah, exactly. I don't put anything in my ClaudeMD. ClaudeMD should start bare every single time, is my strong opinion. Exactly. I'll show you one more thing that we did that really helped. And this was a huge lift. We have this folder called BAML Tests. And again, we designed our testing system. So we have like projects. And these projects have a bunch of BAML files. And each one is completely independent. It does some weird stuff. But then we have a folder called Snapshot Testing. And Snapshot Testing is beautiful for agentic workflows. So for every layer of the compiler, we actually print out a bunch of files for it that are extremely friendly. So we talked about bytecode earlier. Some of you read bytecode. I literally read bytecode. I will go ahead in here. And where's the code gen file? I'll literally just read the instructions. And before we did some extra work on this, this was not human readable. This was actually like register or like stack IDs and like indexes. It was the index zero, index two. And every single time you made any change to the compiler, all the index would fully change. Not only was that really painful for me as a developer, really bad for Claude. So then Antonio was like, let's make it human readable. So he went, did a lot of slop coding to make this human readable. And now Claude code can actually read this and be like, oh, I found a compiler bug. So why do tests work? It's because the infrastructure for it is actually, Claude's not going to randomly change these test cases. It understands that what it's doing is a process. And these are input vehicles into what it reads. So that's how I would design tests and not just like write tests. If you just write tests, you'll get that problem, which is edit the test to make it pass. Exactly. But if you design a testing framework, that's what I was talking about in my talk too. You want to load data and you want to run the test. Then your testing framework is about adding data and then running the test. And then it doesn't edit that anymore because that's a behavior pattern, not code. Okay, one last question. What you got? I guess we're talking about internal tools. Encore, my name is Encore. Talking about internal tools and building them. I think maybe Vaibhav can talk about more of what your journey was. Our journey was basically starting with Claude.md to skills and then to plugins and then wrapping the plugin with hooks, skills, and then actually taking everything out of the skills and put it into CLIs and then having light wrapper of a skill that you can just kind of talk to it. And now we actually have really great flow for how to actually run a ton of benchmarks, processes for making sure our non-deterministic code works really well for LLM base code, which is actually the hardest thing to test. I guess it's a mix of a question and kind of what we've been doing, but do you have a particular flow for more non-deterministic code? Well, I used to not trust AI, so I just hand wrote all the code. The value of slop being written at a faster rate than what I can produce is way higher than correctness, so I just slop everything. And then once I did that, then I realized that I just had to build a process that allows me to quickly fix bugs and detect bugs as a process system rather than as a behavior. So even like non-deterministic code, it's guaranteed to fail. I was on my Face ID earlier. Face ID will fail. It will guarantee not unlock because some person in the middle of Phoenix, it's really freaking hot and the camera expands so calibration breaks. That happens. That's a real thing we have to work for. So it's just going to break. There'll be other scenarios you can't model for, but what I would do rather than fix all the edge cases in non-deterministic systems is I would rather just build systems around it so the user experience or the user outcome is not catastrophic. It's okay if it's bad. It just can't be catastrophic, and that's what I would design for. At least in our engineering workflows, I used to write a lot of code, and I didn't believe it, but Riptide is pretty freaking cool. Stop it. No, no shilling. I'm done, but it's really freaking cool, and ever since I used it, it's very useful for just outputting these massive PRs, but the main part is I do verification at the very end where whoever said that was like, I read bytecode to be like, is the bytecode correct? And that's our verification loop. Amazing. Cool. It seems there's some bias for the left column. I'm going to tell you, you have to pick a talk from the right column, and I would like to pick the weirdest one. What in your esteem is the weirdest talk? Not that I'm saying that- Building AI for normies? Who's a normie? All right. All right, let's go, Tyler. I can't tell if it's an honor or an insult to be the weirdest talk, but it is. I realized as soon as I said that that that might have some implications. Hello? I had a feeling this was going to get picked. Yeah. Plug it in? You don't plug it in, you just join a Zoom. Who else has spent considerable engineering bandwidth on their team building tools, internal tools? One? For the rest of you that haven't, why not? Models are good enough, you don't need it? What do you say? No, they're not. Okay. Absolutely are not.

purpose things that are purely for operational benefit like for coding specifically or for other things I found with enough loops and enough reviews the models usually are good enough and maybe my level of like my calibration of how many processes you guys are talking about are different maybe my number of processes are very high I don't know but I'd love to talk to you about why the models are not good enough yes okay