Hi everyone, I'm Dylan, I'm interning at Boundary. Can you guys hear me? Okay, cool. So I'm interning at Boundary. I'm also a student at UT Austin studying computer science. And I had some insights on recruiting and talent that I kind of wanted to talk about. I know there were some questions about that earlier. It's a very interesting situation right now in computer science where most of my classes you can just use AI to do almost every assignment. And there's really no changes in the actual coursework. And so it becomes really hard to kind of pick out what talent is really good. And I will talk about the automation stuff soon. This is just a quick interjection because I think some people asked me about it. There is actually a very cool system that I've been using for a school club. This school club got so good at recruiting that companies now come to us and they pay us to send them candidates. And a new company that came to us was Cursor and they made me a Canvas lead and they said, send me all the people who you think are good at UT Austin. And so I'm like, okay, how can I actually define what's good? Well, these days you just have to look for friction. It's actually very easy to do like an OS class with Opus. Like very easy with the way that it's set up right now. You almost struggle, there's almost like no struggle for like most projects. And so you have to look for people who are like actively taking on friction. What does that mean? Physics majors, math majors, and CS majors who are like doing really, really hard projects or like diving deep into theory. That's another big thing. Resumes are almost no signal now. People can make a resume sound like very, very good and be like really bad. It's just something that we've seen where it's like you can put resumes side by side of like a good resume and a bad resume and almost see like zero difference or a good candidate and a bad candidate. Look for TAs, this is huge. Like every single TA that we ended up sending to a company to then try to get them hired at another company turned out to like be successful because TAs like know what they're doing. They just teach their concept over and over again. So when you're recruiting for these startups, like look for TAs. Another thing is look for people who don't build fast and break things. Now there's like this whole startup mentality where it's like you have to build fast and break things. That works if you're like a senior dev who like kind of knows what's going on and that just means that you make quick decisions. If you're like a 19 year old like me and you build fast and break things, it just means you're reckless and you're just accepting prompts. It's not good. You look for people who are careful and intentional in their work. And the last thing is like top talent at UT Austin at least, I don't know what it is like at like other schools, they like don't want to go to startups. Like the general I think like consensus with startups for like some of the smartest kids I know is that it's like clueless. Like it's just like, it's just slop. Like I don't want to be like a startup like grifter. They all want to do quant, right? So you have to like, for some of these people, you have to like go to them and like pitch your startup and be like, no, no, no. We're not just like sass. We're not just like some hype train, right? So that's like, those are like the main things for talent. If you guys have like any other questions and stuff, just like come up to me. It's very unique because like even two years ago, a year ago, models weren't like that good enough to where you can like do all coursework. Like you can do all coursework now. And there is like significant cognitive offload. Like I'm a TA, like I see people who are like in the classes below me, just like, like people just don't understand what's going on anymore. And so like, I'm worried about CS becoming like a grift major, but I think there's ways around it by like kind of adopting these patterns. Okay, now for like the topic, right? So we're running out of time. I do a little asset generation. I've, yeah, I have something like a little special for you guys. So as someone who's like relatively a novice, I wanted to make a data pipeline that did like a simple job, right? You scrape a company logo, you translate the color of that logo, and then you remove its background and then you combine it with like a few other logos, right? So it's like pretty simple, but it's like that actually took a bit of time. And then after that, we want to put that logo on a specific product, which I'll talk about at the very end. So the pipeline, some things that I learned for like batch processing logos, you can put them all in one image and then like do a single Gemini prompt and like do all these logos at once. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like completely just say like recolor all these logos. This helps me because like I'm cheap. Like I'm not, I'm a college student. I'm not trying to make like multiple prompts, right? So just like keeping as many prompts as like not possible, the minimum amount of prompts, right? Another thing is I would have it cache each step in the pipeline and have Claude look at the results of like that step and be like, okay, is this correct? So you don't just like move through all the steps like it doesn't work, move through all the steps and it doesn't work. I'm sure that's like a common idea, but these are all like just like common sense things. And I'm like not super read up on pipelines. And so I was like, you know, I thought that was cool. Last thing is like actually taking these and putting out a product using a browser. At first I used like, I used Playwright, like the MCP with my cloud code. And okay, I guess I'll like kind of skip to the thing. We're getting everyone custom t-shirts with their like company logo on it. And also like the BAML logo and the human layer logo. And it's like, it looks pretty cool. I'll show you guys the t-shirt, but we want to like take those assets that we generated with this pipeline and like put it on a t-shirt, right? And like, that's like hard to do. Like I thought it'd be like easy where you could like just tell an agent like, oh, like open up like fourth wall, like design a new t-shirt, put the asset on the t-shirt. Like, no, it's actually like hard. First of all, Cloud thinks way too much. Like it takes the screenshot and it's like, oh, what's going on here? So I used like a dumb model and it actually did a lot better. Like just using a model that just like doesn't think does better. But then ultimately what I've noticed is that if the model takes like two times more than it would take for me to just like go and like drop an asset into the image, then it's just not worth it. So in the end, I just like manually did most of them for like the asset generation. We tried some of this stuff. Like we tried, like there's a few companies here that we tried, right? And it's like good. But if it takes like me like 10 seconds to just like open up a tab and like click two buttons and it takes like a model like 20, there's no point. I think it's like a two times approximation is like when it gets good, when you can like do other stuff and get more work done. Okay, last thing, I'll show you guys the t-shirts. I can show you guys, like this is a pipeline code. It's kind of uninteresting, right? And then here is the t-shirt. You got the logos here. And then we have a nice back with everyone's name. We'll zoom in and then everyone will get emailed like a link where you can check out your company's t-shirt. Yeah, thanks. I don't know if we have time for questions, but that's it, yeah. Would you say perhaps, thanks Dylan, that was sick. Would you say perhaps that you cannot outsource the clicking? Hopefully like soon you can do that. Like it seems like a pretty trivial, I'm sure there are tools out there, right? But it's like, I was up at like 1 a.m. like last night and I had a flight at 4 a.m. from Austin to here, right? So I'm like, I was like, you know what? Like let's just, let's just have me do it. It'll take like an hour and just get it done. Like I'm done looking for tools, which is sad. Like I like looking for tools. Can we see the front of the shirt? Yeah, sure. And just like talk about, so we're basically. So this is the asset that we generated, right? So you have the, oh, you can talk about it. Yeah, he went pretty quick through it, but we basically, Dylan built a pipeline to get everybody here, go look up your company logo and put it on a shirt. So everyone's getting a custom shirt from this conference with your logo on it. Thanks to Claude and AI. Yes, Andrew. Name? If your name is Andrew, you don't have to say your name. We'll just assume. You mentioned that like you could do all of your coursework basically using what sounds like already like in the model weights, like they already know intro to operating systems, CS 101, whatever. What should like colleges be teaching right now? Like, what do you think is the gap that's missing? Yeah, that's a great question. And I think, you know, you can just say like, oh, just teach systems, right? It's like, okay, what does that mean? One thing that's actually gone very well in my OS class is not the projects. It's been like these writing assignments that we had to do where like our professor will just like come up with something and then you just have to like, it's like a timed writing for like, it was almost like an English class at points where you had to basically just write about something. And this is also repeated in my energy efficient computing class this year. Interesting story, another intern at Boundary is my TA for that class. So it's like an especially fun class. Yeah, yeah, I have the TAs. And he's, so anyway, that class is all written. There's like, you don't write any code. It's like, it's like 100%, like, they'll be like, okay, here's like a current workload. You know, why is this inefficient? And then you just have to like write about it, like a workload for like a data center and stuff, right? And you talk about energy that's probably what kids should be doing. Instead of just writing code, like just like looking at problems, it's all critical problem solving. So you can like do this by studying like even philosophy or math, just as long as you like can look at a problem and like figure out what's going on and then break it into steps. I feel like that's more important at this point than just like, just like, can you implement a file system, right? Like that's like probably gonna get you further. So yeah, any other questions? Go ahead, I don't know if there's a microphone. I saw an X and I don't know if this is true, but apparently like CS majors are having a huge issue just getting jobs right now. But it also seems like the ones who can distinguish themselves are like in high demand. So I'm just curious, like, what are you seeing on the ground? Like who's getting jobs, who's not? And like, what advice do you have for other students to kind of improve their odds at getting a job? So I think like mostly a lot of that is like, just like people fear mongering. Like everyone I know, even my friends who were like, a lot of my friends like skip classes and like don't do very well in school. They're all getting jobs at good companies. There's like a lot of companies out there that hire. But I'm also in like a pretty solid CS program. So I could see it being a problem for like maybe more median programs, right? What I would say is people who want to do well, will do well. People who like, just don't like,

do well, don't do well. That's like 100% what I've seen. If you just go to classes and think the company is going to reach out to you and be like, work for us, then of course, you're not going to get hired. There was a time where you probably could get hired from just sitting in class all day. But it's like most of the people I know who are proactive and just email a few people like, hey, I kind of like your stuff. Can I work or do something for you? A lot of times they get responses. So just being proactive and actually recruiting and sending applications, I feel like most of the time is successful. So yeah. Any other questions? And anyone can come after too. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah. That's all it is now. We have like zero online exams. Yeah. Even when you're writing code, it's written. It's the only problem are projects. Like projects is like the main problem. And it's like most of the grade in most classes and professors are slowly changing that. But like projects are like, that's like the real problem with AI. You can just do it. And then like everyone fails the test and does like incredibly well in the projects. Thank you, Dylan. Yeah. I just want to take one second to be like, Dylan didn't say this, but he's pretty fucking good. One of the reasons we hired him actually was so we had him do a coding project. And his coding project was somehow make BAML runnable on an iPhone. So take a whole Rust compiler, do all the work. And he did that. And to be honest, we weren't actually so convinced we should hire him. But what did convince us to hire him was exactly what he's talking about, don't outsource the thinking. Dylan, I hope you don't mind. I'm going to share your doc that you send us. We run a pretty open culture, I guess. So fuck it. And actually, we read this doc. And the minute we read it, we're like, okay, let's hire this guy. And I think that's what he said. You can hire people that create friction and find the friction. And he did a lot of good work here. And when you think about hiring people, I think it's people like Dylan that you want. That's probably why he works for Cursor too right now. But he actually went through and he came up with this, the way that he organized his doc, and he architected the thoughts. I don't care if he used AI to write it. Maybe he did, maybe he doesn't. He did not. But even if he did, I don't care. Because he started off with describing his understanding of what the system is today. He then said, here's what I think we have to do. Wrote a bunch of stuff down here. Then eventually he said, here's also one of the... He was like, he bolded the thing he actually thinks we should do. Oh, we have a... I did not show the research today. We have research that shows this now. It's actually really fascinating. But he basically talks to us, and this type of thinking is stuff you can't outsource. This is how you can hire new hires and what you can look for. And Dylan's fantastic at this kind of stuff. And he has a lot of peers that are also good at this stuff. Anyway, Dylan's fucking awesome. Go talk to him about hiring. All right. And with that, we are going to do a... You want to say like 30-minute break? 30-minute break. 30-minute break. There's coffee, there's snacks. We will have more food coming.