point. Yeah. Nice. So at some point, VM1 is going to exhaust its allocation buffer, right? But let's say in the meantime, while the VM1 is allocating stuff, VM2 can also allocate stuff. So how do we do that? We give it its own ThreadLocalAllocationBuffer, which is another slice in the Vec, and obviously we make sure that these do not overlap. And so objects will never be written on top of each other or anything like that. Technically, it makes sense. It's safe, right? All right. So when a VM exhausts one of its TLABs, it has to go through this code path that allocates another TLAB, and we give it another slice, and it keeps allocating objects. So far, so good. There's no race conditions or anything. The problem is when the vector has to reallocate. Now we've written to this heap thing that we have. It's exhausted. There's no more space. We need more memory. So what do we do? Well, if VM1 wants more memory, it's going to have to go through the allocTLAB code. It acquires a lock, and it goes to the resize path. So it's going to have to resize the vector. What does resizing mean here? You basically allocate a new chunk of memory that is bigger than the previous one that you had, and now you move all the objects into that new chunk, and you just return a new chunk or a new section in that new heap that you have now. So the VM can allocate there. Now, as I said, if you refer to objects by index, this is safe because index zero is still the same index in the new array. So whenever the BAML code accesses this docs array, it's going to get the correct object, right? Cool. So far, it doesn't seem unsound. If you've done enough parallel programming, you might have already spotted the race condition there. Also, the visualization helps, but you have to know that what we're dealing with here is unsafe AI-generated Rust parallel code, so it might not be that obvious to see the race condition there. Maybe easy with visualizations, but this is what we had to look at and figure out what's going on. So when I saw this code, I was like, okay, there may be a race condition here. I don't know if there is one, but let's ask Claude. So this is more of a realistic problem. This is the actual problem that I ran with some more details, but I told Claude to use Miri and go find race conditions in our heap and garbage collector. So for those that don't know, Miri is this Rust tool which interprets Rust code, and it can find undefined behavior at runtime while it runs the code. So what you do with Miri is you write a test case that is supposed to hit that code path that triggers the race condition, and if it does, then Miri will report that there's a race condition in there. And that's what Claude did. It wrote a test case. He ran it with Miri, and Miri reported a data race. So at that point, Claude gave me some like... I asked, is this really a bug, or is this impossible to hit in practice? Did you write a test case specifically to trigger this race condition which cannot be triggered in a real code, or is this a real bug? And he goes and says, no, it's a real bug. It's actually a real race condition. And so at that point, I get on Slack, I talk to Vaiba, and I'm saying, hey, there's a race condition in here. And we were kind of in denial. We were like, yeah, I don't think this is a race condition. I think Claude hallucinated a race condition. This is false. We're smarter than Claude. We can't do race conditions here. So anyway, we thought this is not true. We sat down and looked at the code. This was like 4 a.m. my time zone, by the way. And yeah, we started looking at the code, and then we figured out Claude is actually right. There's a race condition. So in case you haven't spotted the race condition, I'm going to explain how that happens here. So let's say we have this state where VM1 has exhausted its TLabs, and VM2 still has an available TLab here that it can allocate to. And now VM1 wants to allocate. So that means it's going to have to reallocate the heap vector, right? But at the same time, suppose VM2 also wants to allocate. So the problem happens when VM2 wants to write this vector here because it's free and it can write to it. But at the same time, VM1 is reallocating the entire vector. So that means VM2 is writing to free the memory. That's the undefined behavior. There's the data race. Cool. So we saw this, and we said, okay, yeah, Claude is right. He's figured out the data race all by itself. I didn't prompt it specifically to look at this code back here that might trigger a data race. I told it to look for a data race. So it's more like a generic prompt. Now, obviously, it also came up with a solution for that. And the solution, I don't have time to go through it in depth, but basically what you do is you create an indirection layer where you basically store fixed size arrays in the thread local allocation buffer heap that don't move. So what that means is when there's a reallocation, you only reallocate the actual pointers to the fixed size arrays. And so you can now, well, allocate a new TLAB and start writing to it while another VM is writing to a previous TLAB that exists and has not moved. The point is none of these chunks of memory ever moves. The only thing that reallocates is this vector that holds pointers to these objects. And the reason we need that is because once variables that have pointers to these objects go out of scope, well, you need to trace these objects to garbage collect them, right? So that's really what this thing does here. It's a simple solution. And what we gain with that as well is we don't have to use indexes anymore. Every single memory access and memory reader, right? We'll just use a heap pointer now, an actual heap pointer. So you can treat pointers as pointers. You don't have to think about this weird math indexing things. Now, what's the point of this talk? Well, we all see this X post or Twitter post where people are like AI is only good for prod applications or simple sending JSON and loading stuff from databases. It can't solve hard problems. You cannot work on compilers with AI. You can't work on databases. You can't work on queues or whatever. Well, actually you can. It can solve hard problems. It's not just AI. It's AI plus the right tools plus the right framing. So AI is definitely good for solving hard problems. And not only is AI good for solving hard problems, in case you haven't noticed, these slides were 100% produced with AI. All right. Very cool. Give it up for Antonio. We got time for maybe a couple quick questions. I remember the silliest thing we had here. There's a prompt Antonio didn't show. After that conversation thread when we said we don't understand it, we actually went to Claude and said, can you please explain this to us? We're dumb. So explain why the race condition was there. And it did a great job because we were dumb. Pearson, quick question. Would Claude have suggested to use that Miri tool or did you have to know that yourself? I had to know that myself and I know that because I'm a Rust nerd. Otherwise, yeah, it's hard to come up with that. So how would you suggest Claude? You would tell it to go find tools that help it find data races. And in Rust, there's two, there's Miri and there's also Loom, which is this testing framework that also helps you find data races by interleaving different threads executing the same code. And if you tell Claude to look for these tools, it'll definitely find them because they're pretty popular. Cool. One more over here. Yeah. Did you try using TLA plus or anything like that? No, I only use Miri. That was enough to find the race condition. Okay. Name, name, name. Oh. Very strong Andrew contingent at every AI that works meet up so far. I think the 12 Factor Agents Workshop, we had like five Andrews. Oh. All right. Andrew. All right. We only got four. Record yet to be. We have not hit our Andrew quota. Let's go with how to kill code reviews. How to kill code reviews. Okay. All right. I'll entertain again for a little bit. Shit. Blank. Who's got a question? How many, who has the most agents running in parallel for their systems right now for like real production systems? Who's got the most met for running in prod for your production system? Wait, are you? User. Agents per, per end user. Like background tasks that you have running per end user that you spawn up to do background research or like enrichment tasks or anything else behind the scenes. Are you asking about like high watermark? What's the. Yeah. A thousand. What kind of stuff were you trying to make itself? Okay. Research case. Hi, Michael. Again, we're running commercial due diligence research case. I work for an accounting firm that has a strategy consulting arm, and we do a lot of diligence research for private equity investors. In this case, we had built a platform that lets us go from here's an investment thesis through all the different testings of the hypotheses that fall out of the thesis. And we scaled up to see like, what's the most agents we could launch and get usable stuff out of a thousand agents was kind of our high watermark. And we racked up a really large bill a month of January. I think we spent $250,000 on tokens. For that one.

1,000 agents ask. Oh, okay. Did they send you a trophy? All right, we'll get Ethan's wife to knit you a trophy. All right, name, topic, and let's get into it.