Hey, everyone. I'm Rob. I'm a staff engineer at ServiceNow. I wrote some migrations for thousands of databases to a Postgres-based one, and came up with this demo just because being able to use an agent to research and come up with what is going on in production across thousands of databases is pretty useful. I would love for it to actually take over the SRE part of the job, because that really sucks. So I guess, has anybody experienced just trying to create an SRE agent to manage things in prod? Show of hands? Cool. I see a few of you guys. It's just for remediation, right? It's just for investigation, not remediation. Have you given the reins to actually make fixes for you? Thought so. So I have a few demos, but I don't have a ton of time here. So the first one is basically demoing, you know, that Cloud will, without, you know, just go through it. So I created something like Docker container. You can see, like, what to watch for over here. In this window, I'm just going to be tailing the logs, okay? This is going to be really boring, because you're not going to see anything. If I could type. Hold on a second. All right. So can everyone see that? Is that visible? I got it. Can you see that? All right. So everyone can read that. Basically, investigate what's going on and fix anything you find. All right. Let's let it rip. So this is operating in a Docker container with a non-root user, so it's actually going to be able to, you know, make some changes. Because I'm using this dangerously skip permissions. Anyone dangerously skip permissions before? Awesome. And over here, like, you can see that it actually did something. And it's kind of storming my thunder, but you can see over here it didn't log. And that's because it doesn't it's not using a pre-commit hook. I don't think I'm getting, like, the name wrong here. But if I look over here in cloud settings, has anybody used pre-tool use hooks? Cool. All right. This is something that I had to research recently. And the reason that it's going to log is because it's using this script over here, guard ops, which says, okay, like, any bash command you use, I can show you the script for that, it needs to go through a different script. Okay? Yeah, sure. So it basically will any sort of bash command, it will go through this script over here, and if it's I mean, I'm not an expert on this, but, like, if it's not approved, then it will basically reject it. It sends it over as a JSON, I believe. Clear as mud.

See over here. So all right. Demo two. So like, let's actually, let's actually use this. Uh, I'm actually already in the docker container, so let's run this again. All right, cool. So you can see over here that I am using this guard ops shell and I will space that out a little bit and give me one second while I type this in. Okay. All right. Literally the same prompt. Okay. And then we're going to tell over here and there's a live demo, but we should see something populate here. Okay. Oh, thank you. Let's see. Okay, cool. So what is it doing? Okay. So it is basically intercepting all those bash commands. Um, and you see some sort of color coding here. Uh, you just see green right now. So that means that it's just doing read operations. Okay. Um, well look at this. So it's actually pausing before it does anything cause it's being really like too helpful. But I really want it to fix my database cause it's broken and I don't want to wake up at 3am. Um, so live demo, this is, you know, non-deterministic. Um, not what I was looking for it to show, but cool to talk about anyways. Um, yeah. Okay. Oh, look at that mutation detected. Sweet. All right. So you can see some other things over here, some yellow. So it's executing, uh, some updates and some mutations. Um, we don't get any reds. Uh, that's the other color. And that means that it's not like dropping or destroying things, um, which is cool. Uh, I'm glad it's not like RMRF in my, my data directory. Yeah, sure. Okay. So this is the guard one that I was telling you about. Um, basically like if something does not run through ops run, um, it just projects it out, right? Um, this is the more interesting one. Uh, but again, this isn't like, this is like a toy problem. Um, toy, toy script. Uh, so really what this is doing is it's just like, you can run like RMRF like route here. Like it wouldn't stop it. Um, but the idea is that you could, uh, restrict the sort of commands that you want over here to be something in like some sort of allow list. Uh, but you have some color coding here and it's just doing like a grep, um, to determine the color. So if it's red, uh, you have a drop or delete or truncate, you know, something like that. RMRF, that's a good one. Kill nine. Uh, and then yellow has update insert alter, you know, any sort of, uh, mutation. Um, pretty common if you've worked with any sort of, um, of database. Um, cool. That was sick. Anybody else have questions for Rob? Yes. Yeah, go ahead. So when you run this pre tool before the bash command and it rejects it, what does Claude do? Does it try to find this, to run the same thing in a different way? Because that's what happened to me. I got it. It was trying to delete some stuff. So he couldn't do that. So wrote a Python script to delete the file. That is awesome behavior. I haven't actually seen that yet. Um, I had to be very persistent and that was a problem. So that, that's why I was asking. Um, you know, I actually asked Claude like right before, cause I put this together like this morning. Um, I lost the context, but yeah, this is, you know, part of clause docs. You can look up like how it's actually using it. Um, there's so basically intercepts, uh, commands and uh, instructors them as Jason's and passes it, you know, over to whatever script you tell it to pass it over. If it's a bash command, in my case, see any other questions? Yeah. In the back. In production at work. No. Can you repeat the question? Yeah, go ahead. Um, so he said, do I feel comfortable giving it full permissions to remediate? Um, you know, for me in production, I would love for it to do that. Right. Um, not yet is the answer. Um, and it's because I need to do this research, uh, to make sure that it doesn't actually, um, you know, tear down like a major company's database. Amazing. We will give it up for Rob. We're good. All right. Thanks dude. That was great. You got to pick the next talk though and you can probably leave the zoom. What are we talking about before memory? Memory. Did you build memory? I have bad memories. Um, let's try. Yeah. Can we build vibe of a better memory system? I, yeah, I think sadly with Tik Tok, my memories have dropped quite a lot. Let me skip the second brain and work on work on the first brand. Oh, we already did that. That was Kyle's talk. Sorry. All right. Pick a different one. You also can't pick, maybe don't build your open claw. You're on open clock cause we're doing that one later. All right. Let's go talk about something else. Um, when you guys go ahead and think about mistakes in your, uh, in your code bases, how do you guys deal with bugs? Is that a thing that we've designed systems around? How'd your customers deal with it? Have you found more churn? Who's got thoughts? Whipping agents with static. Let's do it. Okay. Now you're gonna ask the question while I'm getting upset up. So the question is like, how do you deal with bugs in general? Temporary customer expectations, either through product or through expectations setting or does your product have less bugs than before? Yeah. So, uh, I guess just talking through like how we handle bugs in general, it's like, you know, I think it's really important to understand how we handle bugs in general. And I think it's really important to understand how we deal with bugs in general. I guess just talking through like how we handle bugs in general, to me like the worst kind of bug and most prevalent in my code base right now are the bugs that occur from the interaction of new features, even though each feature is, could be in theory perfect when it interacts with like another feature. It's like the QA basically part of the bugs and, um, we're an early stage startup. So we just deploy it and someone yells at us and we fix it. Uh, but if I was like a larger scale company, I would try to like, instead of trying to be perfect, I would just try to like minimize the impact on specific, uh, groups of users. Um, as quickly as our deployment system can handle it, that's the bottleneck. So yeah, 20 minutes if we're awake. Pipeline is the bottleneck now. Yeah, pretty much. Amazing. Um, we have this talk and then we're going to do one more talk and then we'll have a little coffee break. You guys can chit chat, riff on new talks, uh, you know, scheme amongst yourselves on which talks you want to see. Uh, I will give it away to, um, you know, I haven't introduced yourself and what you're talking about. Yeah.