All right, hello everyone. I'm Ankit, founder of Aviator, and we're gonna talk about how to kill code reviews. Obviously, if you're talking about killing code reviews, we might not see a lot of code. So my goal here is to, well, one, I'm gonna actually show one slide, not a lot, hopefully that's okay, to explain some of the concepts, but I will try to explain concepts more so that you folks can take these learnings to improve your processes, and I'll kind of like show you kind of like what we have started doing ourselves, which you can kind of like take this learning. Disclaimer, we are also working on a product related to this, but hopefully we'll not show product as much. Cool, okay. So this kind of like started a couple of months ago. I wrote a post that's actually got on Latentspace. Some of you might have heard of it. It's called How to Kill Code Reviews, which was the topic, and essentially that started with some of the conversations we started having internally around what does it look like when we stop reading the code? Like how do we get to a place, how do we build a mindset where code can be in some ways ignored, or at least becomes less important? Kind of like some of the questions that Vive was also asking at the beginning. So we essentially came up with five layers. We talked about competitive generation, which means is can two agents try to solve the same problem separately and come up with the same solution? If not, then we can also have a third agent try to compare the two to figure out which one is better. So that was the first one. The second is deterministic guardrails. Everyone is doing this. Better linters. They're not going away anytime soon. So we need better linters, we need better testing, and there is no substitute to that. The third is something which is 20 years old as well as very new, which is having a concept of acceptance criteria. So now when you're writing the code, or like agent is writing the code, how do we know that it's still functional? As a human, we are going to kind of like go and read the code. So similar to, or like go and verify it locally. Similar to that, actually like having a good test plan is important to be able to see how your code performs. Third is permissioning system, which is like how do you actually control. So similar to how Cloud Code, you're specifying the GNI tools. And the fifth is adversarial verification, which is like creating separation of responsibilities of who's writing the code, which agent is writing the code, and which agent is testing. So how do we come up with this? I know Dexy also talked a lot about like spectrum development. Kind of like moving away from that. How many people actually do spectrum development? We don't use that word anymore, but yes. Okay, how many people use, do this, the word I'm not gonna use? Exactly. That's a good question. So we don't use it anymore. So I think a spec has become a sort of like a big overhead that nobody wants to do, right? Like I just want to work in my cloud terminal, push out the code, right? Or like maybe pass it to an agent, push out the code. If you think about it, a linear ticket, a Jira ticket is a spec. Effectively, what you're trying to do is explain the intent and limit the requirements. If we focus on that, then your requirement to create a spec essentially reduces. It's not like something you're writing yourself. It's still something you're working with the agent to. So this is what we have started doing. I'm gonna open a Notion document. I know you're a lot of Obsidian fans, but bear with me. We're like, okay, we're gonna just kind of like stop reading the code entirely. And start writing specs. So essentially, we started with like mid-sized projects. We're like, okay, we're gonna just write specs and start getting them reviewed as a team. So we would sit together once or twice a week in team meetings and actually read through these specs and post comments. Essentially, I'll just open one of them. Okay, we started out in linear integration. And as you can see, kind of like, you know, the structure of the spec is very non-deterministic and we're just totally fine. One of the things that we found the most value from, this is again, this amount. You probably don't need to read the whole thing. This amount of code is probably a lot. And, or like information is a lot. The most important thing we actually started finding is acceptance criteria. So it's like essentially you're defining what has to be true once you, once this code software is built. Right, like once AI agent implements this functionality, what has to be true? And what we started doing is essentially, if you start reading this acceptance criteria and creating the test plans more meaningfully, the quality of the results become really good. So that's the first thing is, if you had thinking about specs, the most important thing you're gonna think about is testing. You're gonna think about is, what does a success looks like? And how do you actually verify that? So this essentially was the biggest thing that we learned. And then essentially, we build frameworks around, okay, now the code is written. How do we actually, like so we would spend most of the time in this specification. We're spending like an hour just debating on all the requirements. Once this is approved, essentially code generation takes a few, like less than a day. Like essentially you're kind of like maybe iterating back and forth a little bit, but at the end of the day, the results are generated pretty quickly. So finally, what you're doing is taking this acceptance criteria, passing it to a different agent to do the verification, right? And now I think the biggest problem that we are trying to solve and trying to figure out is, how do we get better at building preview environments that can actually do verifications better? So I guess going a little bit into the code, what does all of these things mean? I'm probably not gonna get enough time to actually do a full implementation, but like this is something I was kind of like working on in the morning. Essentially, I started with a task. It's like, okay, I'm gonna go scroll up. This is also, let me zoom in. Too zoomed in. But essentially, okay, so I kind of like started working on a task. Okay, I wanna improve the UI for this. And then once it kind of like completed the task, all I said is like, okay, kind of like, you know, go and submit this plan to a viewer. Now this is sort of like our system. You don't need to kind of like worry too much about what it does. The main thing it does is it actually takes your work that you're doing locally and converts a spec from that work. So essentially, the spec is generated after you're implementing the code. The goal here is to actually have a little bit of intent that can then be shared with others and something that you can actually go and verify. So you can also go and like publish this on Notion or Obsidian and have your team actually go and read through these details. And I think just kind of like reading the acceptance criteria itself makes a big difference. Just a couple of screenshots for our product itself. One of the things that we are spending a lot of time into essentially once you have, let me see if I have a staging environment. Once you have all of the acceptance criteria, how do you actually go and verify this? So one of the big things that we are working on is actually like being able to do previews. So if you're working on an environment, how do you actually create previews? The thing we are thinking of is this is sort of like becomes your just-in-time testing that you do as a CI. So you can technically, if you have a set of acceptance criteria, you can actually ask your Cloud Code to sit on your build kite or GitHub Action to read that acceptance criteria and verify through a preview environment. And that's kind of like what we are working on now. So again, like not going through our demo itself, but if you take anything from here, I would say the most important thing is go back to your TDD or BDD behavior development, start focusing on your test plans and start creating a corpus of your test that you can actually run through your CI systems. And if you have that, you can strip away your code reviews. So hopefully, essentially what you get out of this is spec is an overhead, it's unnecessary. Focus on the test and make sure you have a preview environment and let your agents do the testing for you. Right. Great talk, Ankit. Give it up for Ankit. Questions? Hey, I'm Routers. How do you avoid AI slop? How do you avoid AI slop? That's a great question. So a couple of things that we do. One is when... So essentially you can also have an agent generate the acceptance criteria. When an acceptance criteria is generated, it's important that the agent does not have the knowledge of the code change. So essentially if you have two separate agents, the chances of your slop reduces a lot. Hey. Hey, I'm Rob again. So you mentioned that it's important to have one agent that's writing the code and then a different agent review it. When I'm developing, I typically use the same agent to do both. Why do I need two different agents? That's a great question. So agents are trained to essentially declare victory very, very quickly, right? They're essentially trained to...

a task. If they are the ones who are generating the test, if they are the ones who are doing the verification, the chances of hallucination increase. I think at the very least what you would want to do is have separate sessions. So they're not sharing the session memory. Effectively, your goal is what humans are providing is a judgment. The goal is if you have the clear intent, can two separate agents come up with the same outcome? And can that be verified? They don't have to be separate alarms. Separate alarms just provide a little bit more modality, kind of like you have different options and, like, different surface area and terms that they're trained differently. But the main thing you want is different sessions. Like, no shared sessions. I can repeat it also. One last question. Sure. Yeah. I guess, like, at what point do I or how do I share contacts between those two different agents and avoid poisoning the reviewing agent with stuff that the generating agent created? So typically what I recommend is define some degree of a spec format and ask one agent to generate one markdown file. And that is the only information that the other agent will have. So that's kind of like the shared context. The detail here is, obviously, you're not sharing the code. You're only sharing the intent and some of the scope details. So now we also define scope, which is, like, these are the files that you can modify. These are the files you cannot modify. So you create better guardrails that way also. Okay. Thanks. A quick question. Oh, Sasha. I'm kind of curious. Some of the acceptance criteria seems to be quite UI driven. What are some open source libraries that you would use to kind of test if it passed? And are you also using the LLM? So, yes. 100% we use LLM for all verification. Typically... She said VLLM. Like, visual models. So we use Playwright. So Playwright is really the only testing framework your agents need. Obviously, you can get fancier with that. But I'm also not very familiar with some of the modern ways of testing these things. Playwright actually does a lot of good job. The heaviest lifting is I may have code here as well. Setting up previews is actually very hard. This is a problem we're trying to solve ourselves. I'm also open to ideas. Like, if folks have ideas on how actually we can speed it up. For instance, Vercel does a great job of spinning up frontend previews through their Next.js framework. That is easy, right? But if you're thinking about many different use cases, everyone has... Like, if you're a Kubernetes kind of architecture, it becomes really hard to do testing. Those are some of the things we're also looking at. How do we actually get better at? But preview environments is the most important thing that you can do to set up a test infrastructure harness for this. All right. I'm Ryan. My question is specific to the preview environment. So I agree it's one of the hardest things. And curious what you're thinking about from a data perspective. So for acceptance criteria, setting the environment up to get good answers out of that. So one of the things we're working on is essentially... I think I zoomed in the wrong way. To set up the preview environment is one of the most important things we are doing. I think this might be... No, this is actually not the right code to look at. Essentially, we need to see data. So what we do is there is a script that we have set up that essentially takes that data snapshot. And essentially the preview environments get updated on a cadence. Which essentially makes it easy for you to maintain it. I think maintaining seed data itself is a very hard problem. I think actually infrastructure is the other problem, which is still relatively maintainable. So these are the two things that we are actually looking at. How do we make it easier? What we do is spin up a box. We use E2B, kind of like you can use Daytona or whatever. But spin up a box and put cloud code into it and give it a code access and ask it to actually set up the servers. I think if you do that, that makes things easier. But there's no replacement to seed data. So seed data is something we take snapshots from dev environments. Okay. Give it up for Ankit one last time. Pick next. I'll go read. Oh, man. We keep adding more. All right. Take your time. Read as many as you want. Vaibhav's got more icebreaker questions. Okay. Fighting slop with slop. I got one. Fighting slop with slop. Sorry. That's me. I'm going to be three minutes. That's all it's going to be. This is your talk? Yeah. So I'll be fast. It's going to be really fast in three minutes. I got one.