Awesome. So I want to talk about a thing that I've been noodling on in my brain. It's kind of... It's a thing that I like to call squishy orchestrators. I've kind of seen over the past, like, two, three months, a lot of people have been moving into kind of this agent orchestration pattern, specifically running a ton of subagents, kind of getting into, like, this blue zone, which I like to call the slop zone, where you have thousands of subagents and you have, like, ralph loops, you're doing a ton of coding at once, right? We've seen this. I don't know if you've seen, like, cloud agent teams. There's this great article from Wilson Lin at Cursor about scaling long-running autonomous coding. And it's really impressive. I actually, like, tried building a similar thing myself a couple of months ago, and basically what we did, if I show the tool definitions here, really simple, just two tools, launching a worker, which is really just launching a subagent, and messaging that subagent, and the launch worker tool isolates it through a work tree. So basically it launches a background worker, that background worker has isolation with the work tree, and really the core of getting a lot of subagents working at once is just giving your subagents isolation, which I find a lot of platforms are actually, or a lot of, like, the research in harnesses is kind of moving into this zone. Unfortunately, my hot take is that the slop zone doesn't really work that well. It looks like if this would change the tab, unfortunate. Yeah, it's not updating. I will share screen again. The slop zone doesn't work. It's really fun to think that it works, and I think models will improve at some point, such that the slop zone will work. But unfortunately, like, running thousands and thousands of subagents doesn't really work all that well. All right. Yes. But, like, we have all of these route loops, and you really can do a lot with a lot of subagents, and you can get something that semi works, but the thing is, if you dig into the code of, like, all of these really, really impressive, like, subagent, or, like, agent orchestrator projects, like, it's a lot of slop. It doesn't work as nicely as it should, as nicely as, like, human-driven code does, and I think with better models, we'll get to that state. But, yeah, this is kind of my theory. If you want to go to the site, add in your own agent that you drag it around. But, yeah, this is kind of my theory. Amazing. Love it. You and Andrew can have a slop debate later. Yeah. You had to pick the right Andrew, though. Yeah. Okay. One question for Christian, and then we're going to wrap this up. So, like, you don't need 1,000, right? You can use, like, you know, four to eight, maybe. Yes, but I realized I shouldn't have given away my cup zone. Like, even with, like, basic React code, where I'm, like, giving it really clear pseudocode, where I'm, like, here's 40 lines of pseudocode on how to write this React hook. It outputs 400 lines of slop that I have to, like, beat codex into submission to, like, not do that. Does it work? I make insane lint rules. Like, don't use if statements in, like, insane places. Cool. Give it up for Christian. All right. So, we do want to do a little bit of a wrap up. I'm going to take a poll. I do have, we're a little, we're way behind time. I do have a talk, if you guys want to see my Why You Shouldn't Build Your Own Open Claw. It's really good. You haven't seen it. But it's decked out. I mean, we've talked about it. Or we can just jump straight to the wrap up. Honestly, by the way, you should take the poll, because it's very awkward for me to ask a room full of people if they want to hear my talk or not. Who wants to see one more talk? Who wants to go get some food, go mingle? No one? Huh? One more talk. Okay. All right. Let's do it. All right. All right. All right. I tried. I had the answer. I tried. The answer was predetermined. I don't know if you guys knew. If your burritos are cold, it's Vaibhav's fault. Exactly. Can you, I'll make mine full screen. What is it? Tiny URL? Yeah. I think what's interesting is it sounds like a lot of people are doing these like systematic ways to make sure that we reduce slop. We talked about like linting rules, tools, a few other ideas. Who else has new ideas beyond that, that they've tried? Are any actual crazy linting rules that people have added in? I mean, my favorite platform was UltraSight, which was like Vercell's thing. It's like a biome linter with a bunch of really good presets. And that was like the single best thing that I've done to add to my linter was UltraSight. Yeah. Don't invent, just use someone else's. That's great. UltraSight. I feel like we've mainly been talking about coding slop, but for my customers, they don't want imaginary clinical trials popping up in sort of questions they're asking. And so for us, it's really been getting these things to only rely on what they site and working really, really hard on that retrieval layer. So we're getting the agents all the data they need. It's really just good retrieval. And so if there is slop, it's like the absence of information, because we didn't retrieve the right data. It's interesting. It's like almost as if we need a deterministic linter for clinical trials. We could call it biome. Sorry, guys. All right. You shouldn't build your own open claw, probably.