So we didn't want to hire a sales team. I was a sole founder for a while. We wanted, if anything, before we hired a salesperson, we were going to hire an engineer. Before we hired a salesperson, we were going to hire an engineer to build a salesperson. I'll make it bigger. It's fine. No, because if you zoom it, then no one else will be able to see the rest of it. I'm just closing. All right. The thesis was before we hire a salesperson, we're going to hire an engineer to build a salesperson. And by build a salesperson, I mean, build tools that scale me as the only salesperson of our company. Ended up like three workflows that I needed to do was like, which accounts need attention? Who do we need to talk to? What's the next step? I would do meetings. I would do emails. I would have coffee chats. And I needed a way to take a voice brain dump and just put it into a CRM or take an email and put it into our CRM and then prepare of like, I was tired of showing up to meetings and like, I don't know who this guy is and what company he works for and what company they used to work for. So like getting notes ready to go before meetings, very common AI personal assistant crap. But I was really hardheaded and stubborn. So I built it myself. I started with this journal thing. And oh, come on. Is it your internet or mine, dude? Okay, this is the journal thing. Basically, just like keeping a flat running markdown file. And I would just like delete the last 500 lines on whatever got to the paper and quad everything. And then audio, like basically everything was in the game. You just did everything in markdown. And it was just a pendulum chain of quality and stuff that it had. And we ended up keeping Git as the source of truth. But there was no structure here. There was no way to be like, oh, go just tell me everything about this account. Because it might force it to be super brief. All the news were buried in text. And so it's like, what if we had like structured frontend department? I guess what I was talking about this too, like build a CRM where like there's a flat and plain text part of it. And then there is like a structured part. So you can slice and dice and search for the files. By September, we had built this frontmatter thing. It's a comp hierarchy. There was no formal schema yet. It was just like clauses literally writing things to the markdown frontmatter appendix where I tell you how to run it. There was no connection to any external systems. So you kind of had to like copy and paste emails into a blog section and let it go right through markdown.

around things like that, there was no validation. And so basically what happened was we had to build scripts on top of the front matter to visualize our CRM pipeline. And then we ended up with, the challenge we had was, how do I say this? The cloud would just hallucinate new fields, new stages, new names for opportunity types, new things in the structure. So the first thing we did, of course, was everyone writes these scripts, you register a calendar, register email, validate and structure out these marked down files, sync things bidirectionally to Airtable. Airtable was sort of scary. That ended up not working. We did the important CSV from our wait list. The Airtable sync, we ended up dropping. We don't do the wait list imports anymore. We don't care, and we're looking at like, hey, these didn't work for us, so we decided to change the product. But there were still a bunch of accounts, mostly manual, and me having to go remember to send the information. You need to do a lot of session and have access to this stuff. So we turned quite a bit on Chrome. So we did like, get all that things in a cron of just like, hey, go read all this stuff and send a message in Slack of like, what are the top accounts and what needs to be done so that I wouldn't have to remember to check it. And then we'd go and read through all this stuff and pull out the front matter, and goddamn, Claude loves to find 10 different ways to serialize and deserialize the ML out of the markdown file. But eventually we got to make this campaign file. And so this thing, these are fake company names, but basically we would get these, I got this from Jim, but we'd get these companies of just like, who's using it and what are they doing? Can we use it in one of the stages they're in? This is completely non-interactive. This is just like, we would build this HTML page, send it in Slack, upload it to a private S3, and screenshot it also, and send the screenshot to Slack as well, like open it in a headless browser. Just dumb things that nobody wants, because we didn't feel like making traditional SAS or using traditional SAS. So we built this cron, we built this playwright stuff. We run the PlotAgent SDK and bypass permissions. Problem is the campaign cards had no usage data in them. And there was no product to CRM when it came. So we had no idea who in the user table for the product was actually a markdown file. It was in this private repo. Then again, Claude kept making up things. And so all the scripts, the parts that marked down deterministically to build HTML would have been in rank and finally broke all the time. It was terrible. And so we tried to pull an extra weekly active user and the activity per week for each user into this stuff. So we had to go iterate over everything in our WorkOS thing, because we decided not to even have a user table. So we're pulling from our internal APIs of our VPN and then pulling from WorkOS and then joining it together with a bunch of markdown files. It was weird. And we had to like tunnel through our internal admin system from GitHub Actions and build this identity map of who's in CRM and who's in WorkOS and who needs to be pulled in from one to another so we can keep doing this reporting. And then we also added schema enforcement. So Vibe coded a CLI to make sure that the only stages that an account can be in is these seven stages. Claude would just make, we had 45 different CRM stages for various layers of the same thing. So then we got to add usage stuff, VPN tunnels stuff, so we still have that, I hate it. We still have to manually like link up like users from our product into our markdown stuff. I don't know what feature request this is, but there's something there. External ID on the hotkits user. Interesting. Yeah. We'll fix it. We'll fix it over drinks. Okay, amazing. So it's still a lot of moving pieces. I would rather just have a public API. It's weird. We're still processing emails manually though. So I looked up this thing called MyMX, which is really cool. Where basically any email to a specific email address, they won't tell you who it is, but it is very locked down. Don't try to send things to Client CRM, it won't work. But we have a Lambda that runs it for MyMX, which then uploads the email and goes to the next three and then sends a web book from GitHub Actions and downloads the whole email body. And then we send that to the Cloud in a GitHub Action, which then like invokes our CRM writer agent, which then takes whatever was in the email, whether I forwarded an email through my phone or like, I can do this right now. Let's see. All right, you can see what it is. Like I said, it's locked down. Let's try this. That's very secure. We could have never guessed that. Nobody uses that. TG is the real pesky. All right, so I just had a chat with Michael from WorkOS. So please update the CRM entry for Michael that he's gonna make me a feature or he's gonna teach me how to use external IDs on our stuff. Okay. So I can just send this. I literally do this after every meeting. I get off of the meeting, I'm full of superhuman. I turn on voice mode on my iPhone. Here's what happens with the emails. One, I don't have to talk to Client, I don't have to pull up the Client page on my phone. I do know how to do that and I know people here are all doing that, but I would email the interface. Sorry, Brian, just seeing. Anyways, what this is gonna do is trigger this whole pipeline. I can actually go and show you the GitHub Actions. Maybe they're running. I think I'm way over time, by the way, guys, but I'm just gonna give this a shot. So, yeah, so this is processing that email and we should be able to see, actually, the CloudAgency beta run going. And here we'll work. So, yeah, we just got the thing and then here's the user message, which is a custom prompt, you use a custom skill to invoke a sub-agent to actually go through and read a bunch of context about the company and then go update a bunch of our files. And then at the end, it's gonna send a Slack message. So if I have an interaction with a customer, all I have to do is send an email to this thing and within 10 minutes, it's updated in CRM and a Slack message gets sent in our channel so that all the other people on the team or on the radar of customers can see every single update, every single conversation I've had with every customer. And yes, we will. Oh, don't show that. Sorry. That's, yeah, okay. That will be the biggest thing. That will be with Mario. Yeah, Mario, please take that one out. We love all our competitors. All right, I guess we won't show that part. But basically what it does is it gets a Slack message and you can say, hey, let's talk to this person in this channel. Where are the slides? Okay, so CRM writer agent that goes to the CRM and the Slack message comes out. Amazing. So this is the function that runs in Lambda. It also does this daily sales pipeline and next steps and last actions. So yeah, that was the thing we built. Plot sometimes makes duplicate contacts. The name management sucks because if you're using transcript mode and you don't have like a genius model, like I have six different people with the same name, like different spellings of the same name. And I'm like, no, those are all the same person. I don't check the names. So the thing that comes next is like, I want to do a help loop on this. I was literally just waking up every hour and say like, find a way to be, find something that needs to be done in CRM and go do it. I haven't given him my email credentials yet. We'll not get any emails to my open claw, but that's kind of the step that we had to take. That's, I'm afraid for me that, I do sit in my laptop on Sunday morning and run the prompt six times and see what it comes up with. And it is yet to actually start doing useful things. So we have to figure that out. Similar to the open claw heartbeat, but yeah, this is basically like what guardrails does this need and how should we give it access to systems where if it wants to do a risky thing, it can go do it. This breaks constantly. I'm in the middle of refactoring it. I haven't touched it in a week. So everything's broken. Don't do this. But it was fun to make. Do what you're doing. Do fun stuff. Figure this out. Build it for yourself. I don't know. What else do we have? Wow, Claude, you have a lot to say. I didn't learn anything. I didn't learn anything. Well, I've learned a lot. Well, I've learned a lot. That's okay. Yeah, and then this is a flow chart of like, I basically told it to go read the whole Git history of this whole repo and two other repos to build this presentation of like, tell me a story about how this system has evolved over time. Anyways, cool. I don't care about this. Wow. All right. Don't let Claude write your slides. That's a terrible takeaway. Thanks, everybody. So that's, is the lesson here? You don't build it in three files. It's okay. And you ask for that takeaway. It's like, don't build it and expect to get good results. But like, if you're having fun, like you can make a thing that works and like just do weird things. Generate static HTML and send it all over your company and see what happens. One more question? Yeah. If I like. So is the moral of the story just... Hi, I'm Martin. The moral of the story is to use OpenCloud instead of doing this? I don't know. You got it out of the ballroom? Do you trust it? Sort of. Yeah. I heard Kermit say it's really good. I didn't really go deep enough with OpenCloud. I really should. This is the thing. It's like, there's a lot of good builders out there who refuse to use other people's stuff. It's just like, why would I build it myself?

I'm trying to go and solve the evidence. You want to do that one? Yeah. Firstly, thank you, everyone, for coming out on a Saturday and making time out. Thank you, everyone. We wanted to put it in style, no fixed agenda, try and have topics that come up as they do. One of the things I do before we close out is go give everyone what they want, which is food. So we'll do that really quickly. Just share a couple of things from everyone. What did you actually learn? Did you learn something? Are you going to go home and change one thing? Are you going to go make an open call right now? Anyone want to go? Fight, slop, and slop. Fight, slop, and slop. OK, that's a good one. Anyone else? Rust. She's going to learn Rust. It's one of my answers. You guys don't learn Rust unless you write it. Don't learn that last bit without learning Rust. You have to prune your code in Rust. Prune your code in Rust. Well, it's slightly funny that Andrew talked about it went viral from, who is it, Greg Brockman. He made this tweet. He was like, writing code in Rust is really good for agents because if it compiles, then it's provably correct. And then everyone piled on and started dumping on him. Like, that's not really that true. People write bad Rust code all the time. But maybe it will be true. Here we go. In practice, I've seen the same. When it compiles, it mostly works. That's true, yeah. Yeah. That's pretty good. That makes quick concurrency. Well, yeah, the unsafe bug that Antonio talked about was a totally different beast. Yeah. All right, what else? Avoid Rust. Let's talk about non-Rusty stuff that we learned. Yeah, what we're talking about. We've done this on the Rust conference. I just named Tyler. You guys will get used to it. Sorry, I promised him. Yeah, it's just like, it seems like memory, as well as how agents communicate with each other, like topics everyone's thinking about right now. So we'd love to learn more from people about that and purely the architectures we have. Cool, yeah? Just like the OPM language, my name's Ian. I'm also a consumerist. Tyler, I kind of made it up, because it's not my style. How do you build AI for armies? Yeah. What are the armies we don't want to think about or we'll never learn about in context when we don't? Christian, I've been learning about the blank. I feel like there's been a general trend towards people using virtual file systems for agents and seeing that there were at least one talk here about that, which was very interesting, especially with, I usually see people talk about it with regard to mounting a database or something like that. But this was like a different application, CDR to use, which was very interesting. Cool. Will, do you want to share something? Or you can just say, I'll repeat. Yeah, I can share. Two things. One is memory, which we talked a lot about. And I really want to think about how does memory work and store it in an event or organization like Google Chrome? Because I think, first of all, it looks great. But organizational, the private or public chain, and the other thing is useful for and kind of employ a challenge. OK. I want to ask one quick question, actually, because a few people brought up membrane. I know there's a lot of conversation and products that talk about memory. How many of you walk away being like, I feel like I can buy memory or a memory, I can buy memory off the shelf, like as a product? Anyone? OK, no one. How many of you can buy memory infrastructure as a product? OK, a few people. How many of you are like, no, memory's something with the building house? Interesting. OK, so memory feels more like SQL schemas, not SQL, is for at least a few people in here. Well, I like that. And you don't buy SQL schemas. You're like, no, it's like compaction. I think we all learn. We can do it more quickly. I think memory is like compaction. If you've been hacking on this stuff, I think you've probably learned compaction is very, very, very domain-specific. And memory feels intuitively like it follows along the same lines. That doesn't mean you can't buy it from somebody. It just means that if you buy it from somebody, it can give you domain-specific hoax, maybe. Want to play bloody hoax? Yeah. I guess it's your thing. John, I brought this up in my talk. Yes, I think you definitely need a domain-specific. And I also noticed that data engineers are just nationally very good at managing those memory-building pipelines. So it doesn't feel like a natural skill set, maybe like an evolution of traditional Spark jobs, just like building a data model on SQL. It's like, now we're going to have Spark jobs, some SQL jobs getting remembered in. It feels like we take those same engineers and have them build that. So your job title changes from data engineer to memory engineer. Whoa. To continue on. Oh, Gangadhar again. Sorry. Anything memory, I'm trying to be in the memory space. So memory can be bought. But right now, it's not there yet, because everybody's seeing memory as files and file systems. File systems are terrible memory, because especially, as you see, you need some schema, something to hold together, similar types together. But when the types come in, who is creating them? How do you keep them all sync and coherent? It becomes its own task. So you need a system where, because people are still figuring it out, they're not there yet to see, like, oh, yeah, how do someone create a reusable schema across all of these things? Then they will come into attributes. Then they will come into a Sparkle, RDF, a triple store. That's something that people don't want to touch yet. That's where it feels like there's a disconnect, because people don't want to go into these older technology. I mean, older, but not really. That's why I built all of my database on top of a triple store and all of the whole everything that in application is stored as triples. So it is going to get there, but things are harder to build. They're going to get there. It's almost like if you want half of your code base to be English and the other half to be code. It's almost like what we really want to solve some of these problems. Someone was there trying to say something about what they learned. Yeah, I thought the, Karthik, I thought the talk about open platforms was very interesting. I think there's a clear shift towards the model providers owning more and more of the stack, especially with the cloud managed agents. I mean, previously we had these LLM models that it was just next token prediction, but I think everyone is building agents and it's clear that cloud is kind of restricting people from building their own agent loops and having, it's moving to the cloud. They're owning the session history. They're probably going to restrict the subscription so that it only works with the cloud managed agents. So I think it's just a very important thing to think about where everything, every app has a chat box and I think these model providers know and they don't want to be model providers anymore. They want to be agent providers. So it's just interesting to see where things will go. I love that. I think one of the things that's become clear in the last four months with all of the like crazy, things getting shut down by model providers and stuff is that basically- Which model provider? I will not be naming the model provider. Someone else can do that if they want to. Thropic. What? All right. There's one model provider and Thropic is their name. That basically, we're all here in this room because we have perhaps chosen and believe that there is a thing worth building that is worth building outside of the major labs. And of course, I'm sure all the major labs would disagree vehemently with us. And so actually, that was one of my favorite talks of the day is like, how do we as builders trying to make cool stuff like continually like try to keep up and do things that, okay, the labs probably won't do that or we can do that better than the labs or we can do it better than they're willing to do it. And you know what I'm saying? If you go back to kind of like the nineties and Microsoft was notoriously hostile for this and they paid gravely in their brand reputation over the next decade where they basically just lost all credibility in early 2000s because of their hostility in the early 1990s. And I think honestly, what ended up doing is that's what gave room for like Google and Linux to really rise. And what I find fascinating is like, Microsoft did all this other work with open source like TypeScript, VS Code and all this stuff. And now we all love them again. Like they actually bought GitHub and like the world did not shut down and stop using GitHub. They're like, fine, Microsoft will do it. You could argue they kind of ruined GitHub, but whatever. GitHub was interesting. Anyway, it's built on Ruby on Rails, right? Or something like that. Anyway, separate conversation. No, you have to ask. We'll learn something interesting. Encore. Nope. We come to you, buddy. Encore. Well, I think there's one comment or question I had or comment I had on the open versus closed thing. I think the demand for intelligence is just limitless and we underestimate how much we actually want intelligence. So there's a question of open versus closed, but I actually think like, just extend what exists. Like do more rather than like try and make what is closed open. But maybe a different discussion. I think one of the things that I learned

was that I'm not the only one who actually wants to code with visual diagrams. That is, I actually, it's something that I've wanted for a long time, but for some reason it felt like that's not what coders want, but I think there's actually a growing group of people who actually realize that diagrams are a way to distill your thoughts even further than words, and it's cool to be able to see other people starting to work in that space. Okay, just a couple quick comments. Name. Tyler. So, first of all, I think it's like really terrifying to think about the idea that there's a bunch of founders that have really good ideas for agentic products, but are too scared to pursue them out of fear of a model provider disrupting them, and I think the reality is like there's so many cool ideas that people have, and they're just not willing to try those startups, so I hope that there's some way that we can enable those founders to continue, whether it's through open source or whatever, to try those things, because there's just so much value to gain from building new interfaces. And then just a quick comment on memory. I think heartbeat is a really good way to think about how new memory should be created, because the thing about a heartbeat is an agent wakes up with no context, so what do you give it each time? This is what we've had in the data engineering world, right, is like write it the way you're gonna read it, is like put the data and organize it in such a way that whatever is gonna be reading it next, agent waking up from a heartbeat, like optimize for the thing that it's gonna be used for, right? Totally, yeah, yeah, so I think there's just so much work to do there in terms of rebuilding kind of the conversation for that type of an agent. Who else wants to share a thought? Hi. All right, let's call this the last one. Yeah, last one, Ishan, one thing I thought that was interesting was voice, you know, being an interface for, you know, coding agents and different tasks, it was Quindla's talk. I think there's inherent limitations, as we're talking about with reasoning for voice models, and I think that that's a bottleneck, but once that's solved, that unlocks like so many different possibilities within the realm of, I mean, it takes having a personal assistant to like a whole nother level, so I thought that was, that was an interesting talk, yeah. Cool. Thank you guys for coming. Yeah, thanks, this was awesome. We're gonna do one thing really fast before I forget, which is we'll take a quick selfie. Okay. Go get some food, and you guys will chat people. Yep, and then we are gonna be, all right, let's do it. I'll stand down here. Sorry, you're taller than me. Can you guys get in? Yeah. Everyone come on in the middle. I've got 1% battery life left. All right. All right, three, two. All right, thank God, everyone. Amazing. Thank you guys. Thanks, everybody. We are here until probably like 6, 5, 6, 7, 8, until probably like 6, 45, and then we gotta start moving out. If anyone wants to keep hanging, we'll go to a brewery down the street, Standard Deviant. You know, just, you know, we'll start kicking people out about 45 minutes. We got food over there. We got drinks over there. Hang out, chat, whatever you wanna do. No one's listening to me anymore. They're done, they're yapping.