Hi I'm Rachel. I'm the founder of Gully. And just to give you some context, what we're building here is basically an AI personal relocation agent. So we help companies to plan and execute their end-to-end relocations for employees. I wanted to share about some of the engineering problems that we've been kind of working on and how we think about building agents in the real world context. So when you're actually moving somewhere, I think some of the stuff that we struggle with when we think about building agents around these use cases is that the goal here is to have an agent that will do all the things for you. So plan a move for you, book something, figure out the dependencies. And along the way, what we struggle with is that there is a very low margin for error because the cost of every mistake is really high. So for example, if I say that I'm booking a mover without properly doing my due diligence on this vendor or something like that, we have to think about how reversible the decisions made by the agent are, the cost in terms of the actual financial cost as well as the time to actually fix a bunch of these decisions that the agents make. So some of the things that we're thinking about at Gully is how do we, I mean I'm open to any ideas that you guys might have, but some things that we think about is we need to bucket these decisions that agents make into three broad categories. So like what is the cost to fix some of these decisions and based on that, do we automatically just like approve some of these actions or do we get a human in the loop, which is what we also, we have a team of basically operators who are 24-7 to jump in and out at any point of time. So figuring out when to actually call on the humans and how to bring back the experience directly into the AI chat is something that's really important. And I think it's something that hasn't really been solved well yet. This is kind of a situation that one of the employees brought up from a big tech company that was using a traditional mover that didn't get properly vetted. So he had a bunch of his really expensive personal items that got stolen. And so the other things that we are also thinking about at Gully are basically long feedback loops. And I'm not talking about, you know, for a few minutes or like a few hours, more so like over the course of six to nine months, because something that, I don't know, we haven't really been able to test well is how well can your agent do a bunch of actions and you're only going to see the results that's like not easily measured until like six to nine months later. And I think.

That's a real-world use case that I'm not sure how many companies have actually figured out yet in terms of measuring the success of this unless you actually ask someone, right? Yeah, so that's also something else that we're trying to figure out here. And I would love to see if anyone has good ideas on how to solve measurement of like agent decisions. So yeah, something that the team has been thinking about, it's just an idea internally. It's just like having a lot of simulations or dry runs being done in a sandbox. So based on some of the existing moves that we've seen so far or historical data, how many of these use cases or examples can we simulate? Because what we see in today's world is everyone's situation is so different. Every single move is an edge case. And maybe like this is one space that we're seeing this happen. And I'm not sure what other industries this would also be a common occurrence in. But yeah, those are some of the big things that we're thinking about. And I would love to basically chat with anyone who might be working on something similar. Amazing. All right, we got time. One question for Rachel. All right. Cool. Yeah, Andrew, do you give them like budgets and spend limits and then they see a receipt and then they can either submit or not submit based on their budget? Yeah. So it really depends on the company's policy. There are some companies with the average move is like 100 grand. And so like for companies, they need to decide whether they want the employees to be able to decide the budget on their own or sometimes it comes from the manager themselves who will decide where the money is going. We are thinking about building out like a wallet infrastructure together with Stripe to do all these payments. But there's just a lot of cross-border stuff across the entire supply chain. And a lot of these vendors are very old school. So they still like, you know, how do we think about booking and automating processes like getting into your DMV accounts and automatically creating one to help you book your driver's license? How do we think about moving your furniture? And a lot of these things we can solve because we have a 24-7 ops team, but it's not something that you can track super well. If a lot of things are being done right now through like computer use or very old school systems and tracking mechanisms, yeah. It's really the agent's side of the spectrum. Yeah, that depends on the policies as well. Like not all, like it really depends on what the company has stipulated. We haven't tried that right now. So we still have a human to approve every single line item that's before we make big decisions. So typically anything around payments, around submitting documents that goes into like customs or government websites, we will have the human in the loop, but for the lower risk decisions, we don't. Yeah. Okay. Thank you, Rachel. Amazing. Dan, you ready to rock? You got the URL? All right. We're going to keep blasting through lightning talks. We're going to see how many we can get to. We are working on the format here. I know a lot of people put stuff up that haven't gotten to go yet. We are continuing to iterate on how we do these things. I think VibeOb next time we should probably do breakouts. So again, like a coding agent's track and a pipeline's track. Yeah. Honestly, I was surprised by how many topics we got on, way more than we predicted. Last time we had about 30 people show up. And I think everyone that wanted to talk got it because we ran a couple extra. Yeah. Holy freaking cow. We had a lot of topics. I guess that tells us all we got to write more clickbaity titles. Yeah. Clickbaity titles. There we go. All right. Dan, let's talk about context and RLMs. Yes. I'm going to be fast because my computer is also dying. Exactly.