Hi, I'm Andrew Yates. It says on my name tag, Promoted AI. I was acquired by Dropbox. I worked at Dropbox for the last year. Number six. Back in, say, August or so, I was hired as a product manager. And I was the CEO of Promoted AI for about five years. I wasn't directly coding very much when I was at Promoted AI. I led a very technical team. We built AI systems for search and recommendations. But anyways, back in August or so, I realized that, let's just say there's a product at Dropbox. They have an AI system. And I was like, OK, I'm going to build a game. I'm going to build a game. There's a product at Dropbox. They have an AI product in it. And it wasn't their product plan is to be chat TPT for work. And they were not quite that far yet. And there didn't seem to be a reliable plan to go and execute that the traditional way. So I started going full in on AI and never looked back. And so it was, OK, throw out 20 years of computer experience and start over from Claude. Now, fortunately for me, that was around the time Opus 4.1 came out. And you could actually start doing useful, productive work with 4.1. Before that, it was negative work. And so I've been effectively running a Claude loop since August on more and more computers. I'm like, what kind of things would you build if you were running that much AI? I wouldn't be surprised if I was the number one spender per month on Claude. I haven't found anyone yet. So it's near a million dollars per month now. Dropbox, that's confidential. But they tap that down. But what are you doing with all of that compute? What kind of program? Well, it turns out that you can build solvers. So formal verification is a really exciting new field that has existed for decades. And if you're either as a student here who's recently coming out of school and they make you take a class with your quals or PhD or maybe undergrad, you have to do some formal verification. And it's not very practical because it's really hard to write these specs. It's even more hard to write the specs than it is to write the code. And usually it doesn't need to be that correct because you have a lot of passes. But now the AI will do it for you. But the solver tools aren't quite there. So what I've been building are winning solvers, SAT solvers. You can transform any program into a giant equation and solve it. So then you don't have to review code anymore. You don't have to test it anymore. You prove it to be correct. And then you prove it to be correct in the compiler so that if there is an error, you fix it in the compiler itself. So it's fixed permanently for all programs, not just your program specifically. So that's the dream. Pretty far along. And I want to show you some of the workflow here this is running. So each of these laptops are busily running Rust compilation and solvers to build better Z3 or Z4 is the new project. So that's a SAT and SMT solver. TLA2, which is for model checking concurrency and such. Gamma Crown, which is neural networks. And then Lean 5, which is a proof checker and a programming language for writing mathematical programs. And then there's other layers on top of that. And then building all into a Rust compiler that is the first AI native Rust compiler that can actually fix your code and prove it to be correct as if it were like a cloud code, but like in a tighter loop. So if you think about it, it's kind of that way already which is you compile it, here's some errors and you try to fix it or rerun it. Just make the loop really tight and give it dramatically better feedback. So the workflow here, for example I just want to show how this is running. So I have, I built my own cloud code in Codex. Codex is open source. I was really surprised more people aren't forking Codex and really diving into it. But those tools move very quickly and it's challenging to get better versions of them even though they're quite janky personally. But they're still good and you don't have to work on them. I personally have found that just using regular cloud code with sub-agents and then give it a couple of extra instructions about work trees, make sure they get committed in and ask the cloud code to call Codex as a sub-routine and then have it review its work. So that'll mix in two models in a pretty stable way. So that's what's going on here and the local agents in each of these tabs. And this is doing novel mathematic research to build new algorithms to get better solvers and just do things in a loop. And then going between the different solver techniques to be able to get the best possible result and getting synergies between different advantages of the different types of solvers. So for example, here is building, this is like truly off the fly, right? I didn't prepare this at all, right? So this is Z4 binary analysis backend. So the prompt is, hey, I have a SAT solver. I want to be able to take a binary program in assembly language and I wanna reverse compile it and I wanna find all the errors. But I need a solver technique to be able to do that very efficiently, take the Z4 library and then come up with a technique for being able to do that. So it built this, here's like two different theories you would need and it's adding additions and then it will create these really nice PDFs for me to go and read and see like, hey, here's what it proposed for these different systems. So for example, this one is a complete concurrency verification. So in the talk, someone mentioned Miri, which I hadn't heard of before. I use TSAN and such, it's like, well, that's dumb. Why don't you just write your program so that it doesn't have race conditions? Like, what would I need to do taking TLA to never have that happen ever again? So for example, hey, here's a proposal to extend TLA in the Rust compiler to make a total Miri replacement so you never have to run it again because it is just proven to be correct by definition. So here's all the different tools, concurrency model. So it's adding a thread awareness. So this is basically how I've been working and running on 22 laptops. We're all running a bunch of different cloud code instances to build up the next generation of Rust compilers using mathematics. Sick, super dope. More examples. So I heard LLM verification. So for example, math algorithm research system for LLM verification. So this is.

Gamma crown. So if you're familiar with alpha, alpha beta crown from CMU, by any chance, uh, you can actually prove neural networks to have certain properties. Uh, but it's not that well known and it's not easy to use. So we're going to make it easy to use and we can scale it up to LLMs, but we're missing some mathematics to actually be able to do this. Like this is. We can take all the algorithms, import them into Rust and extend them and make them a little bit more efficient, but we actually need new mathematical results to be able to get the results that we need to be able to scale this up to LLMs. Well, it just so happened that I built lean five, which is a, uh, proof checker and it has a, you know, proof engine has a library of every mathematical proof in, you know, MATLAB. And so MATLAB, et cetera, and Hey, here's my research program. And it's running this right now. So it's, um, there's also some computers running at home where it's saying, Hey, here's, let's see, this was neural networks. Da da da da da da. Yeah. Here's lean five for verification, but working axioms register. So I was like, okay, go invent for me the mathematics and go ask Gemini codex and Claude so that I can then get the algorithms and put them into here. So I can go and continue to expand by formal verification empire. I am tentatively going to invite some questions from the audience. Uh, if, if you guys promise not to melt my brain anymore, um, let me give one too. All right. We're going to go, we're going to go Peter and then we'll do one with Ron. This one's really fast. But what, uh, Peter, uh, why, uh, multiple laptops and not like running Claude code and like AWS, is that against the terms of service or something? There's three excellent answers to this for the first actually is, um, for, for physical control. I like it. It's cool. And I control it. So it can't be taken away from me or shut down or whatever. That's really important actually in management of my attention. But then from financially, these are running Rust compilers and solvers. So I use all of the RAM, all the CPU, all the hard hard drive disk space is actually the first thing I ran out. And these have, um, these are four terabytes. Some of these are eight terabyte risks. So it's grossly expensive to run that kind of load 24, seven on cloud. And, um, sometimes it's not even really available, like for the, having the disk drive. So I, I, that, that's the other reason. Um, another reason is that it's, um, management of my attention. So I think I said four reasons, those are three, but I think that covers enough of them. Amazing. Um, if you want to talk about math, Andrew will be here, uh, for a little while longer, um, give it up for Andrew one more time. Um, I think the next one we said we were going to do was we're departing from the unconference format, uh, cause we want to get more talks in faster. We're going to do GTM for ADHD folks with Claude code. Um, this all that other Andrew's game engine is going to run better, I guess. And Hilton really never have to learn rust. Chatham house rules. We'll save that story for the bar. Oh, you're in, you made it. Oh my God. He's already there. Okay, cool. Unmute myself. No, no, no. Stay muted on here. Mute your laptop and you're good to go. Sweet.