Hello everyone. My name is Cyrus. I'm one of the co-founders of the synthesis company. We automate systematic literature reviews, which are like deep research workflows. And I've been a programmer since I was 13 and I love to program and I don't like opening LinkedIn and trying to message people and then thinking about what I want to message them. So like any programmer might think, uh, since 2024, 2025, I thought, how might I use cloud code to help me with this? And in the past, I'd built more, some of these like outbound tools that led you to send sequences. I said, you know, let's throw that out. Let's start from scratch. And the first thing is what if everything were files and we did that and we use cloud connected it to this API called Unipile, Unipile lets you automate your LinkedIn account and unaffiliated. It was very helpful. Um, that got me started, but then I hit some limits and then I decided to pull in super base so that I could have upserts so I could manage the events and the track, like messages that I had going, but honestly, working with an agent requires a new sort of thinking that as somebody who is a full stack developer, I could riff on an app that I could see and be like, I want this feature, I want this feature, I want that feature, it was hard for me to tell the So after getting it to work like this, and, you know, there's a CLI, it's calling the CLI to read the state. It's checking out my inbox. Um, eventually it suggests what I need to do. I said, you know what, what if there was a UI? And so I built myself a little TUI or T-U-I. And this is my little TUI for managing my campaigns with Vimkey bindings. Uh, I've got this campaign going different states for the different people, who they are, I've got a little inbox. One of the things that, uh, existing tools don't really do is they just spam people, and then when the person replies, it's up to you to go and reply back to them and then follow up and then follow up and you forget. So I made it so this inbox will bring back people into the inbox after like 48 hours of no action, either on my part or their part, this way, every day I just go and I try to get to inbox zero and I made, and this way I've made sure that I've reached out to everybody that I should, this way I don't have to think about, okay, this individual person, that individual person, the task management is in the user experience. I brought it into a UI because there's something, there's something interesting. It's like, why, you know, why isn't everything going to be a chat input? A chat input is useful when you want to explore and you want a wide range of expressivity. You want to, you don't know exactly what flow you want to have, but once you know the flow you want to have, it's actually way faster to have a UI for it. And that's why I have the UI. No, I don't want to go through these one by one by one, waiting for cloud to generate the tokens. I want a UI to see all the context to make the decision. I want the drafts to get generated on a server so that then I can hit send if I just want to send it or E to edit it and it opens up in Vim, but since it's Vim, I got to use both fingers to exit. And, uh, I learned a lot doing this, my co-founder and I, we were, we were both technical, so we just said, fuck it to Notion. We put everything in Markdown files. We put our coaches, uh, documents in Markdown files. And after building out the UI, the UI actually had more features than the CLI. I pointed Claude at the UI. I said, Hey, what features are here now at those features of the CLI so that I can do the same thing there. Um, last quick thing I will show is because everything, it was in one code repo, uh, I was able to use remotion to auto-generate like different motion graphics for us as well. And all of a sudden it's like our whole GTM motion is just talking to Claude and coding agents. And that's it. All right. Give it up for Cyrus. Yeah. Questions. Uh, while we, I've, I've got one really fast. I think it's really fascinating. This idea of getting CLIs to have the same API surface area as a UI. Did you find building a common interface layer and then exposing everything through there, both your UI and CLI, or did you just let it rip? So when I was thinking about, I couldn't imagine all the, the, the common interface layer at the beginning, I needed to iteratively develop that. And the UI let me tap into my full stack skills to add those features. And then later I brought it to the CLI and sometimes you're doing something in the CLI. You're like, Oh, I wish this thing existed. And then you add it in the CLI that you ported over to the UI, but it was hard to know upfront everything. Yeah. So it's almost like two separate code bases and you kind of have to grow them both. Yeah, there are two separate folders. So there's a lib and then there's a two-way folder and there's a CLI folder on the side and there's a backend server with ingest. Yes. Hey, uh, Encore. Uh, I was, does this work? It seemed like it was for your email. Does it, is it work for LinkedIn messages? This was for LinkedIn, not for email. So, uh, how do you, is that like break like LinkedIn terms of service crap? Or like what? I don't really care. Officially. Yes. You can do it. If you've used other LinkedIn automation tools, it's the same. All right. I was just the same risk. You haven't gotten flagged at all. No, cool. No. All right. Give it up for Cyrus. Next up we got Simon. We're going to just, we're just going to crank them through. All right. Are you set up already? I think so. Yeah. Oh, fantastic. All right. Um, the title of my talk is will AI assistance be open like the web or closed like iOS, this is something I really care about.