So one of the things I worked on the past was I worked with the Face ID group. When you think about Face ID, all of us have it on the phone, so it's really easy to rationalize. But think about how testing works in Face ID. There's a lot of test cases. You want to consider twins. You want to consider people with glasses. You want to consider face front and center, face on the side, face on different dimensions. And then the way you metricize is actually kind of interesting. It's actually not does Face ID pass or fail. What you really want to say is you want to be really sure that it definitely doesn't pass when it shouldn't. And when it passes, it should pass. Because the easiest way to build a Face ID system that never has false negatives is always return false positives, always return false. And it will be completely secure. So how do you go build the system out? And this sort of system also had to evolve when COVID came around. COVID happened, and then we had to go ahead and then say, oh, all of a sudden, you need a new thing where you're like, masks. And the thing about all of this is the way that you build data sets for all of this is also conditional. It's not actually true that you want to have the same pass rate for each of these data sets. So you're like, for twins, it's OK if we don't pass as strongly as people with glasses, just because of commonalities. We likely don't. In reality, you actually don't want twins to pass because it becomes a really bad PR nightmare. That's a whole... On which one? On iPhone? Yeah, well, I worked on Google's Pixel. But masks were another scenario. You don't want the same pass rate on masks. And in fact, you might be willing to live with more false positives once you allow for masks than when you do when you allow for no masks. So the way that we think about these testing patterns are fundamentally different. I think the hardest part is now that you build an agentic system, every single agentic system operates the same way. In fact, it's not just every agentic system. It's every system that's coded by clod code and byte coded kind of operates the same way, because all of them have probabilistic outcomes because you don't actually read the code anymore. At least, I don't. I haven't read code in months. So you want to think about these differently. So one of the things that we were thinking really hard about is how do you think about testing? And I'm going to show you a couple of things that might be interesting here. But the main idea that I'm going to show you is, one, how we use clod code to invent new syntaxes that are good for it and how we think about that. And then, two, how it actually works in practice and talk about how, if you had some systems like this, what sort of primitives and hot loops that clod code can go through to really make the system work. So the easiest way is, if any of you have ever seen ZIG code, ZIG code is some beautiful testing system where you actually just write a test like this, and then you just write the test, and you just do some metrics on it. And what's really nice about writing tests like this is clod code rips through them really fast in ZIG code, because in Rust, for example, Rust also lets you do this, where you add tests anywhere. How that's different than TypeScript and Python is you can't just add a test. You have to make a new file and add a test. The number of tool calls to go and add tests is more. So I'll show, I'll see if I can get, if I have enough time. But clod naturally doesn't add tests, because it's three steps, not one. And anytime it's more steps, it has to divert out of its main path to go iterate. So you want some syntax that's really easy to go write tests on. Well, that doesn't really work, because the next thing you need that's fundamentally different is actually, sorry, I thought I had this loaded, is you want a second thing where you can actually load tests from databases. Because unlike regular systems, where you just write tests, you run code, and you produce it out, in machine learning systems, similar to FaceID, the way it works is you go ahead and actually pull all your tests from some PII system. You pull the data down, and each of those are a test case. So when you end up, in this case, I have a translation test case. I have a bunch of CSV files that load my data. And any of you writing agentic systems, spec likely have similar systems. And what you end up having to build is a whole test harness. Now, what the problem is, is if you're building a whole test harness, again, Cloud Code has to think to do that, so it doesn't do that more naturally. You kind of want your test system to be extremely augmentable. But once you're able to do this, for example, load test cases dynamically, and then create tests in runtime, you get some really, really interesting behavior. What you're able to do, if I can do this, here, is you can actually write some code like this. Where in this case, what I'm doing over here is I'm building a sentiment classifier, super, super simple. And what I really want to do is I want to say I have some topics that I care about, happiness, sadness, doesn't really matter. I'm going to go and generate test cases dynamically using an LLM of some kind, or load from a database, or kind of anything else. And then I want to go ahead and pull classification out of this, and actually classify and make sure that the result is wrong. High is the wrong eval. It should actually return happiness or sadness. But you'll watch the test fail. What's really nice about this is when you actually go run the tests, you get individual test cases for every single system. So when you're actually eval-ing your loop, think about what the hot loop needs to be for your eval system. The hot loop needs to be, Cloud needs to be able to write the tests. If tests live in some database somewhere out of its code base, you can't actually load very fast, and your hot loop breaks. So first thing you have to do is make your tests in your code base. The next thing you have to do is you have to have some way for it to build evals and metrics of some kind. So as you go ahead and build metrics, you want to have both hard metrics and soft metrics. So one of the things that you'll notice when I was solving my face ID is we don't actually check for correctness, because if we assert it for correctness, we can't actually build the right metric. We actually have two metrics that we want to track for in parallel. One of the metrics is false positives, and one of the metrics is actually correctness. And most systems that I have seen, at least, abide by the same way. So you want to do the same thing where you want to have hard metrics, and then, I don't have the code here, you want to have soft metrics that are actually just like a check that has some name that evals some metric and gives you that data to go collect. But then the last thing you really want to do, how many of you have run LLM and it doesn't work the first time around but works the second time around? And for some scenarios, that's totally fine. And for other scenarios, you need to run it seven times and it needs to work seven out of seven. It's again, a totally different way of testing. So what you really want to do is it's something that kind of behaves like decorators, but you want to actually... Where is this? I have this. I can't type with one hand. Oops. Let me open Obsidian. There we go. You want something that's kind of like decorator? I can't zoom in. Zoom in. I do love Obsidian.

But this is what happens when you have a team of three people, I guess. Feature shifts slightly slower. But what you want is, actually, you want to be able to run a test with some sort of harness that says, hey, in this case, I want to run it five times, and of the five times, I want three to pass. And if you think of what that is, that's really just the lambda that's running around your testing loop and building another system around it. And if you do that, you can do a little bit more complexity. For example, you could say, in my test set, this is often what we do in FaceID, you want to say, hey, I don't actually care how many tests pass, but I want to guarantee 70% of them pass. And when you're building this sort of system, you can then say, I built a test suite of my hard scenarios, I built a test suite of my easy scenarios, and my medium scenarios. Easy ones, no matter what change Cloud Code makes, I want 100% pass rate across every single scenario. My hard scenarios, if I get a 70% pass rate today, that's good. How do I measure my system got better? I increase the pass rate threshold up over time. So what you're able to do is you kind of want these macros to build tests really fast to go do this. Now, I think the most interesting part isn't actually the syntax, it's how the heck do we come here to these and how do we come up with these ideas. And what I found really fascinating is, firstly, if you invent new syntax, it doesn't really work most of the time because syntax doesn't compose. But with the advent of LLMs, what we're able to do, something really fascinating, is I have copies of almost every programming language because they're all open source, get cloned on my repo. And every single time I actually want to think about any concept, I have the language, I have the model go through and produce a whole research document. Now every single language does everything. I describe behaviors to it of what I want to exemplify and it comes up with concepts. So like this idea of like Zig preferring strings with tests, that's awesome. The problem is Zig has one fundamental problem, which it doesn't allow you to define tests dynamically. And defining tests dynamically is critical in the world of AI workflows because you need to load data from databases to build test cases. And surprisingly, there's only two languages that do that, Python and TypeScript. But the problem is, if you've ever written a Jest test, it's just disgusting. Most codebases don't have any tests when I see TypeScript codebases. PyTest, if you've ever written a parameterized test, I think I have a Cloud Code command that I can show you of what it looks like. It's somewhere over here. Or I can have it go generate one. A parameterized test in Python loaded from a database just looks ugly. And when things look ugly, models don't do them very often because it's not built in, it's not native to how they behave. So when I think about designing syntax, I think the most important thing to think about is how quickly can a model go ahead and come up with an idea? How natural is that idea for the model to follow? And then how well does it compose? And if you're able to do all that, you can end up with something really nice where every single time I hit refresh, I can run this, last 10 seconds, every single time I hit refresh, every single time I hit refresh, okay, let me unlock one password. I have to build a password log thing. This is still running on localhost. Demo broke. It goes ahead and produces a new sentiment test for me to keep on running. So if I run in CICD, it actually runs new test cases for happiness and sadness. And the premise I'm betting on is every single test case it comes up with is simple enough and I still expect 100% pass rate in my sentiment classifier because sentiment classification should be a pretty damn easy problem. That's my talk about evals and how I think we should be thinking about evals going into the agentic world. At the end of every talk, every talk will have about three to five minutes of Q&A so we can ask questions, and then we'll go on and pick the next topic. Questions? Yeah. Yeah. You mentioned this pattern of using another open source repo as reference for what you're doing. Do you have the agent just straight up read the source code of that? Literally, I just kick off a research. So we invented closures for our programming language. Just had it kick off how closures work all the way from the type checking layer all the way down to the VM and how the VM architecture works. And then you compare it across different implementations and then how do you... Yeah, exactly. So at that point, you got to use your brain, sadly. There's still no shortcut. You got to think. Dexter says this, don't outsource the thinking. So it... Don't outsource the thinking. Exactly. Thank you, Dexter. Right on cue. So the idea is you do have to think and make decisions, but your job as an engineer is if you've ever met like a principal engineer or a senior staff engineer or a distinguished engineer, their job is to make the best right decisions that are going to outlive them as long as possible. That's your new job. But your job is not to collect all the data by hand and spend two weeks. I would say that there's no excuse for not building a perfect system now because it takes 10% more effort and a little bit more time. So you might as well just do it. These are like huge code bases too, though. Yeah, I mean, it's like the Python compiler, the Rust compiler, the Go compiler, the Zig compiler. So they're not simple, but it works. Like clearly we're able to go and get... Like the implementation of tests, for example, is basically like lambdas that execute in async manners. But we're able to go just both design them and implement them by using them as reference. Is it outside the training data? Yeah, it's definitely outside the training data. This is not... I would say it's definitely less than a large percentage of the training data. Any other questions? Cool. Oh, one more. What are my thoughts on LLM as a judge? My opinion on LLM as a judge is it's not that you shouldn't do it. It's just that what you really want to build is a metric system of some kind. And this is what I was referring to in Face ID. You don't think of it as a single metric. You're right, if you only pick one metric in Face ID, you have a shitty Face ID system, returns false all the time. But same with LLM as a judge. If it produces a single metric for it, it's dumb. Most problems need a complex multidimensional metric system to actually come to a conclusion. And that's what you really want to build out. So LLM as a judge is a great one-off metric. If it's your only metric, hopefully that part is not the most critical part of your system. And an agentic workflow can be really interesting. So you can use an LLM as a judge to produce structured outputs of some kind. And some of the structured outputs could be open-ended vibe metrics that you run through more LLM pipelines, but some of them could be categorical. And you could say, for example, I expect 70% of test cases to be considered passed if the LLM scores it as a 7 out of 10 or higher. But you're building a system on top of it, not just a single thing. Most problems, I think, should not use LLM as a judge. Most problems should be a little bit more constrained. Or you should have some small subset of it that is at least constrained, even if 90% of the test cases are LLM as a judge. Should I pick the next topic? All right. I find local stuff very interesting. So things learnt making search local. Who's up? Okay, fine. You can reject if you don't want to join. I can get someone. Okay. Hi, everyone. My name is Sri. One second. I'll just connect to the Zoom. If you want to get recorded, just... I mean, we'll still have the recording. You can change your mind later. Yeah. How many of you still read code? Why? Genuinely. I'm curious. Don't outsource the thinking? How many of you ship code? How many of you will not ship code without reading every line? That's fucking great. That's good. You give it a what? You give it a little sniff? Okay. That's good. Yeah, at the last Unconference. I really don't. I merge without reading the code. Okay. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. Okay. I do not read... I read all my test cases, and I read the bytecode that our system produces. Because the bytecode... All right. Guys, give it up for Sri. Hi, everyone.