This is how not to pitch your startup, how to give a talk that people here actually enjoy and learn from. No one wants to hear your pitch. I mean, I want to hear your pitch over by the drinks or the pizza or whatever in here. Everyone wants to hear what we're working on. For this stage, when you're up here, don't bring your pitch deck. Don't demo your product. Don't demo a, like, fake side project that's really just a pitch for your product. There's 100 other meetups in SF where you can go and see pitches of what people are working on. I hear. I don't go to those.

them. But apparently that's a thing you can do. What people do on is like talks that actually teach something. So either you can talk about a hard problem you solved. Hey, you know, you should be able to start it with like, I'm, you know, Hey, I'm Dex. I'm the founder of human layer. I'm not going to talk about our product or our tools today. I'm going to talk about this other hard problem we solved, which is like, okay, how do we do email web hooks and distributed infrastructure or something? So a technical topic, a thing that you solved with your company that you think other people would benefit from. Yeah. Why streaming is hard, how MCP works, why you built your own queue instead of using something off the shelf. But yeah, teach us something we can use. You can also show a side project that you absolutely love, like not a fake toy demo, but something where like, I built this, I use this every day and I absolutely love it. It has to be something you actually care about. Your passion. If you don't care about it, no one here is going to care about it. So talk about how you built it, why it's cool, why you like it. That's awesome. Something you built for yourself, something you actually use, something you built to make people's lives easier in your company that is not actually the thing that you sell. Or like, I know there's some people here working on larger teams, like an organizational lesson of like, hey, we tried to get a thousand engineers to use cloud code and it led to a disaster. And here's what we're doing now. Things like this. I don't think that would be a disaster, but some people I hear, I hear some horror stories or like, Hey, look, here's how we're solving the AI code review problem internally. So it doesn't have to be like deep technical, but like, how are you getting AI to work? This is what we're about. AI that works. AI that actually solves problems. That's not just hand wavy demos. Yeah. No marketing. You know, you can show yourself, but show yourself by teaching. Like if you have a cool startup and you give a good talk, people will come talk to you and they're going to be interested in what you're working on. And that's how you should do that. So we do not require slides. We do not require screen sharing. You can come and just like, yap. If there's an interesting story that happened to you, like that's the bare minimum is it has to be interesting and it has to be educational. You can just talk. The easiest thing is like pull up a repo, pull up some code and just talk through it and run it. If you have a live demo, that's great. If you have a live demo and it crashes on stage, that's even better. That's how we know it's legit. So yeah. And as Vaibhav said, if you do a pitch, you will be asked to leave. So the good, good rule of thumb is there's a timer going to be here. You're going to have five to, you're going to have 10 minutes, five to 10 minutes for your talk, 10 minute, like hard limit. If you're not sharing code by minute five, you will probably be shouted at to do so. And then your second warning will be like, cool, we're going to do a different talk while you go prep something better. That'll be interesting. We have to pick who's going first. Your talk's not ready, right? It's ready? All right. All right. Vaibhav's going to kick us off. I'm super excited. I was one-shotting my bugs before we started for about 40 minutes. So if it works, I'm going to go ahead and get started. I wasn't testing. Yeah.