Yes. So, my name is Sri. I am the co-founder and CEO of Moss. We focus on extremely efficient local search. So, how we started is basically, like, let's... Why do we...

even need a cloud for running the data and the model inference close to where the application or agent is running. And we started with that obsession of running these things very performantly with limited resources, means keeping the data close to this agent or the application layer, keeping the embedding models or the LLMs close to the data and application layer, and running them very, very fast. And then once we solve the problem, we realize who has this pain point. And that's when we went into the spiraling down of market research. So initially we started with, oh, maybe the whole market doesn't require local search. Let's focus on people who has the latency since two parts. And we kind of doubled on voice AI. So if you go to our website, you might be seeing us as targeting conversational agents and voice AI folks. So what I'm going to talk today is primarily around what's going to happen next. So this is like a side project, but also a main project, which will be coming from us. So it's just a early teaser of what we are currently working on. And it's kind of like still to our core thesis of local search. So the thing is, basically when we are primarily targeting application developers or agent developers, there are two kind of constructs where these guys run these applications. One is on the cloud VM, and second one is on the device, like it's a MacBook app or a terminal, or even like a iPhone or Android app. When you're kind of thinking from the cloud side, it's okay to run everything in memory. You have an immense amount of RAM, like one GB, and then you can even request for higher GB RAMs and just run everything there. But once you go into like a mobile phone kind of scenario, or even like a robotic scenario, you cannot just say like, oh, I want one GB of RAM. I just need it no matter what. iOS will just kick you out in the app. Because iPhones in general have like a very strict consideration, like you cannot go beyond one GB of RAM. They're being nice now, but if you go into a keyboard app, it will be like 66 MB. That's the RAM usage you have to use. And Android as well, it has its own set of limitations. And especially when the device manufacturers are pushing their own custom LLMs into the picture, you cannot just keep on pushing your own set of LLMs and data heavy operations there. So that's when we are primarily targeting application developers, and we are providing a solution that is really good and unique for them. Why not think as an application developer on how I can solve this problem? So first and foremost, if a mobile app developer is thinking about it, they care about two things. One is the user experience. It means anything that we have to do has to be very fast enough. That's the core construct. We want to be latency sensitive and we want to do things. And then the second one is the memory usage. So anything we do, like adding this data-intensive operations, should not be using the live mobile app RAM. So that's when we were like, okay, let's try to eliminate the entire way of storing this data in the mobile RAM usage. So that's when we were tinkering around. We are saying, okay, this is your index. If you pull up 100,000 vector embeddings or metadata around it to a live mobile RAM, it will be consuming 146 MB. Sorry. Oh, good. Good. Yes. Yes. You're coming up on your five minutes. Please show some code window. Okay. So we did some interesting stuff around like, so, okay, one second. Basically what you're seeing is like, okay, there are different types of things we do. Like one of the core things, what we do is like- Can you make it a little bit bigger? Sorry. If you're going to present, go zoom in your VS code like four times right now or whatever. Yeah, there we go. Okay. So what we are doing is basically like two constructs. One is like try to eliminate the usage of the live RAM. So we came up with some data structures that kind of like utilize, instead of like live RAM, kind of do a memory map data structure that is like on desk. The second thing what we did is like the distance competitions. So whatever the dot product and the cosine similarities and all those stuff, we do like neon SIMD instructions and AVX2 instructions. So actually what usually takes like brute force way like X, we actually reduce the competition time by 4X to 10X, depending on the type of the memory instructions that you're doing. And then in terms of the storage, basically like we kept it in a way, like it said at the end of the day, it's still a file system. But when you're reading and writing to it, it actually runs completely in the local RAM rather than like pulling it to the, sorry, local storage rather than pulling it to the live RAM. And afterwards, all the crazy code around the FFI bindings to create like the C and other stuff. Not sure. I'm trying to test out like app, the final thing of how it looks like. Okay. Let me see. So once I kept all of them together, when I do the running the test, it's still like a very technical, sorry for that. I didn't have enough time to clean up the UI. Basically what it is showing is like it is pushing up like 10,000 different elements into a live mobile. And the disk usage is roughly 1.5 MB. That is the live RAM usage where it's supposed to use up like 150 MB. And then overall the query per query time it is taking up is like less than one millisecond for this 10,000 elements. Yep. I mean, it's a very high level. We can go deeper, but yes. Nice. What did you learn? Oh, it's in memory. And so basically I learned a lot into the rabbit hole of like understanding how the memory mapping works in devices and especially mobile. Especially Android comes with like a specific kind of page size restrictions, like 16 KB page size restrictions. So how to make sure that this file storage doesn't break when we are trying to do. And a couple of things mainly around the read-write consistency. So especially when you have like multiple things that are running concurrently, how to make sure the data consistency kind of prevails. And even when the app is crashing, you want to make sure that handshake kind of stays there because at the end of the day, it's all about like the reliability of this working app. Nice. Yes. We have a mobile app. And so I'm curious, like, what are like the core use cases for this, like search or yeah. Okay. So we are primarily targeting multimodal search. So our core construct is like, if you have a use case around like elastic search or like any kind of vector DB, you don't really need to use a cloud if you are like sub hundred K elements and mobile has a decent storage. You can power all those scenarios within the mobile itself. When you say multimodal, does that include video, audio, or is it more like images with annotations and text? I don't really think the technology is there for running videos on mobile, video search on mobile yet. But yes, I mean, audio images, we can consider them. Yes. Maybe I missed it or maybe you mentioned it. I know Quadrant was doing something similar recently because we were working with them and we build the memory layer on top. And effectively, my question there is, have you compared benchmarks on what you're doing against them? Because I think they're also doing it and they're indexing on the cloud and then there is an option of local indexing the device if the device can't handle it. So just curious. Yes. So Quadrant, it's very interesting because the Quadrant has this quadrant edge that is they're coming up with. We are going to do the benchmarks right now. We are in the phase of the site project, like kind of iterating on improving our stack for running it very efficiently locally. So these existing vector DB companies, still the primary construct is like you still have all the things of running the indexing on the cloud, managing the data on the cloud. And you can always pull the data locally and then still do the search. But we are also getting into the space of doing local indexing and local data management. Of course, at the end of the day, cloud is needed in terms of data persistence or cross-device data management and all. But we are focusing it from the local first angle rather than cloud first angle. Great talk. Thanks. Who's next? You get to tell us who's going next.

Let's see. Memory beyond markdown, building an agentic control plane for graph memory. Graph memory. Agentic control plane for graph memory. All right. Give it up one more time for Sri. You can set it on the... You can set the microphone here. Thanks, dude. So, yeah, you have the URL to join? Okay, it's tinyurl.com. Tinyurl. Tinyurl.com slash A-I-T-W dash unconf. All right, while we wait, I got more questions for people. I'm really curious about people's behaviors. How many people have changed their hiring patterns since over the last six months? A lot of people. Someone tell me why. Who wants to volunteer? You raise your hand. Say your name and why you changed your hiring pattern. I'm Peter, and I guess a fundamental change is like the normal full stack interview is very different now. So like asking somebody to implement something, like they're going to be using cloud code, but we've noticed a lot of candidates don't necessarily know how to explain the code that they write. So it's a very fundamentally different way of evaluating those interviews. Yeah, do you expect them to be able to explain the code? Not necessarily explain the code, but explain like the architectural decisions. I think it's very important to like, you know, through the development process to understand the trade-offs. So if you can't do that, that's kind of a red flag. I don't know if I'd pass that bar. All right, who else is, are we ready? Yeah. Okay, grab the mic, introduce yourself. I will start the timer and yeah, introduce yourself and tell us what you're gonna talk about.