Hey everyone, my name is Gangadhar. I've been working on knowledge graphs and graph memory for a while. This is the first time I'm talking out. So I think hopefully it's gonna not crash and everything. Everybody's aware of the Karpathy's LLM wiki plus stuff. It's blowing up. I think it's the time people start thinking about like, not just code, like what concepts exist. Think about more of the idea space. From all of that, this is a wing studio, which I've been working on, but that's not the topic. The topic is basically how to think about memory beyond just a bunch of markdown files. I mean, markdown files with some links, that's still markdown files. Like what does it mean to be even like having a memory system? What is a control plane for memory for agents look like? That's been my exploration for a while. Here is an example system, which I've been building. Let me, first time showing it out. So let me start by showing simple things. What does it mean to be a memory system? Here is an example of, sorry, first time. A schema person. Why do we have schemas at all in a knowledge graph or anything like that? It's so that your agents, like let's say you have multiple agents working on the same memory graph. How do they coordinate? What does the thing need to look like? Like let's say a person, you're storing a person in markdown files or whatnot. Like what fields does a person need to have? What goes in where? Like what are the type system? So that they can actually use the types as a coordinating mechanism. So that they all can agree on what the shape of this data structure should look like. And they can use that to like create nodes in the graph that conform to some structure that they can all agree on. Why do you need that? So you could use languages like BAML to literally extract the structure in a structured way rather than just having some random like nodes. You could use prompts that are like when your agents are creating things, you can actually use a structured querying, like we can imprompting, we can actually extract types out of the language model. So that now you have much more highly reliable data generation. So one other thing I wanna like talk about is like, how does this, like let's say you have a graph system. How does this graph get built? Who's building it? That's the hardest part of building a knowledge graph is like what, not just types and all those things. How do they get built? That's where we can actually explore like an agent that actually can go around and actually build a graph from a dataset. Let's say you have a bunch of nodes lying around, rather than storing them in terms of mocked on files and doing all of that. We can actually also see them as like, we can let the data agent go out and embed all of those files and explore like creating a cluster of all of the nodes in the embedding space, discover what the topics and what the types you need to have rather than you enforcing them, like sitting down there and coming up with all of the types that you want in your system will be like a limiting factor for you. Rather than doing that by yourself, you can just ask the agents to do that. Here's an example of pipeline that the agent could run. Here's an example of pipeline that the agent can run is like, hey, plot code kind of agent, like go embed all of my images on the data and build me all of the nodes that I need in my graph rather than you manually sitting there and doing it. And that's another thing. And also when people think about memory, they think about like, oh, it's just about stuff I have, like notes or meetings or whatnot. But one of the other important thing is skills are also memory, skill files and all that. But most people just think about skills as like a marked on list of checklist that your agent needs to do. But agents are great at writing code. Why don't you take advantage of them creating actually executable skills that like here is an example of a workflow to generate an image, which is written in the restate, which is something like temporal, but which is a durable execution. Your agent can rather than writing a skill file, can write a pipeline file, which you can execute on a timer, cron job, all of that. So your memory system should fundamentally be able to not only capture notes and stuff, but also flows, workflows. And all of these are nodes on the graph and they can be either retrieved, executed and modified. Like memory is not just for like static things. It could be a dynamic thing. It could be a flow. It could be like a fact, any of those things. So a control plane for agents for memory should have all of these things as a first-class citizens. That's it. Nice. Can we see a little bit more like low, like how can I actually use you, like apply this in my own code? Like what can I take away from this? Oh, first thing I wanna show one more thing is basically how do I build this? Like first thing I needed to do to do actually be able to do that is you need it. You need a graph system. First thing I did was build a graph database. You need to have a really good fundamental schema system that can actually have a manipulatable, like here we are using RDF store to store all of the data actually as not triples. So then, and also then on top of that, you would need a like a runtime where you actually can execute these things dynamically. Does that answer the question or like? How can I apply this to what I'm building? So when you're thinking about memory, right? Go beyond from just like a storing, thinking about like, think about like your workflow should be also code. Like most people are trying to store them as skill.md. That's great, but maybe maybe script.sh needs to go with the markdown memory skill.md because make it as a simple shell command that it could run. Or also when you're thinking about storing data, markdown supports top, it can, you can put YAML on the top of the markdown file. Think about as a, that's a structure and let your agents discover the types. Types are your friends, like BAML can help you. Like anytime there is a structure you can impose, that's something that you should take advantage because memory is all about structures. Give structure to structures. Cool, nice. Questions? Any other questions? We had a question. Language models to design these graphs. Absolutely, you should not be today, day and age sitting down in your obsidian or something or a notion. The one of the biggest problems people tell you with using all of those tools is that they give up in the middle of their project. Let's say you were doing, writing a paper. Now you have these, you're setting up this elaborate system and then you just like sunk cost. Like I'm in the middle of that. Like you give up in the middle of it. It's like boiling the ocean to get a drop of water. Like, but if the project involves, like if it is a long-term project, all of the structure would be amazing because now you have a structured organization, but you're writing a paper for the weekend and after that, you're never gonna see that. It's a lot of work you're putting up front. That's not gonna make any sense. But you should definitely use

LLM to generate plausible structures that you can either accept or reject or tune for your own needs. I think the LLMs are great because it lowers the bar for building these structures for different tasks. Like, I have an example here. People do projects all the time, like a simple project like house search. You wouldn't go ahead and create all these checklists and all of these images. Like, you could create a custom Kanban board for just moving. But would you do that, just a simple thing? I mean, who is gonna go and sit down on a desktop and create a schema just for my move, right? But an LLM would do it, right? So it reduces the bar for the kinds of tasks that you would need structure for. And I think, but definitely if it is something critical, you definitely need to go and see like, is this actually creating something that's useful for you or it's slop if it is awful slop, yeah. I'm gonna ask you to say your name one more time. Gangadhar. Gangadhar, give it up for Gangadhar. All right. You gotta pick, you gotta pick, come back, come back. Or I can pick on your behalf, but you should pick. Oh, sorry. If I pick, we're gonna go for the static analysis one because I'm biased. Bootstrapping the next Malt book, emergent wiki. Who built Malt book? Who's up? I think that was Anders' talk, right? Who built Malt book? Bootstrapping the next Malt book, going once, going twice, booted. All right. All right. Multi-agent peer-to-peer conversations. Multi-agent peer-to-peer conversations, contact sharing. All right, let's go Pearson. You're gonna wanna leave this one. Leave the Zoom call. Gangadhar. All right, let's go back to hiring while he sets up really fast. Wait, I wanna do one reminder. If you're screen sharing a tool that you're working on the entire time, that probably is getting into pitch territory. So let's try to keep that to a minimum, folks. Thank you. All right. While he sets up, I got another, back to hiring. I think about hiring a lot, as you can tell. I'm just trying to siphon information really fast. Who else has found a technique that's worked? All right, by the way, we'll do one more thing. We did this last time, I forgot. Before you speak into the mic, say your name, and then say a question or answer something. Cool. Hey, I'm Kyle. Yeah, so we do two things. The first is when we give people a tech screening, and that's the first thing that we do generally, is I have a list of things you are not allowed to use, like a list of tech, like stacks I don't wanna see to push you a little bit outside of the distribution. And then I'm actually gonna go look at a batch of submissions at once, and they will all tend to look the same because people did, like if you just gave the project to Cloud Code, it's gonna look exactly the same as everyone else's. And so I'm a lot more interested in the ones that look different, where the person spent a bunch of time and effort thinking through it and did something really interesting or made a really interesting architectural decision. And then the other thing is we have a list of a couple dozen questions that I tend to pull from at random. I think that if you are a very high-agency person and a really good engineer, you can figure things out really quickly. You can learn coding agents really fast, but what you can't learn is the fundamentals of engineering. And so I will just kind of rapid fire go through a bunch of relatively random questions about CS and software engineering fundamentals, about networking protocols or cryptography or algorithms and a bunch of stuff like that to get at, is this person actually a really good engineer or are they just good at writing code? Because if they're good at writing code, Cloud can do that. What you care about is someone who can think through the system at all the various levels of the stack and actually solve hard problems and he'll spot, so. Freaking smart. I'm gonna start doing that. I'll just have a really good ticket and just see how well it compares to a Cloud Code default output. LLM is judged. Thanks. You wanna say your name and what you're talking about and then we'll get it started.