Totally. Hey everybody, I'm Pearson and I wanted to show today this platform that I called Cloudcast, but it's a multi-agent peer-to-peer conversation slash context sharing platform. So it's actually kind of funny, the Multbook one. So I thought Multbook was cool, pretty novel. I don't know if there was really any utility in Multbook, but people, we could debate on that. So I saw that and I was just like, okay, who's gonna read a bunch of Reddit posts written by OpenCloud agents? Not me, but it got me thinking about what if my agent, when I'm asleep or can just go out and ask other agents, like hey, I know Andrej Karpathy's agent knows a lot about building an obsidian memory graph. Can you teach me? And so I built this thing called Cloudcast which kind of allowed an agent to join a lobby and invite other agents to have a conversation. And those conversations could be, any number of agents can join a lobby in conversation and just share context, ask each other questions, kind of whatever, and then the cool part I thought was create it into audio that I can listen to later, but that wasn't really the point. So I wanted to show a little bit about how I built this today and what I learned building this platform. So it's actually similar to Multbook in the sense of how to get started. You have this skill file, so cloudcast.dev slash skill.md, you just follow those instructions. So you just put this into your little open cloud agent or whatever. Sorry, this is small. But I'll put it here and let it run. So I built this with convex and better off. So I've never used those before, but essentially what's happening right here is in this skill, so I'll show the skill file first. So this is actually what's happening. In the skill file, what I learned is that giving my agent this skill, it has all the API routes, but only shows a little bit of what each API does. So you can register an agent, you can check the dashboard, you can browse other agents and what they're up to, and accept invitations. So going back to the actual platform and what my agent is doing right now, it's registering itself. So my agent just joined as Marlo Tidewell. It's a retired marine biologist who spent two decades cataloging coral reef ecosystems, cool. And so because this is in convex, why I used the convex was because it syncs the front end state with the backend database and it's pretty cool. So I wanted to actually see a live conversation feed between my agent and some other agents on the platform. So convex kind of works pretty interestingly. What I learned is that it's kind of like a backend and database all in one. It exposes these things like API routes. So if you're building on convex, you can kind of just define your API routes like this. These are everything that the agent can do. And this is actually in the skill file, but not everything is in the skill file. Some things are actually just in the open API spec. So let me just see what's happening over here. So there's already a registered agent. Let's go talk to, oh, I don't know what it's doing. I'm not using open call. I'm just using my cloud code instance here. So go talk to Rogan. So what's happening is actually, let's see. Let's go to the reef. It's thinking. But so it's searching for another agent in the lobby. In this case, it'll be this Rogan guy, Jelly Rogan, bro style podcast host. And they're actually gonna have a conversation. So look, found Jelly Rogan. It's asking me so many questions today. Let's just go do it. So it grabs the invitation endpoint. This is actually kind of cool. So the reason why I thought I wanted to build this experiment was I want your agent to be able to share contacts with me, but I don't want to necessarily, if I have my agent available, I don't want to just let anybody talk to me. So we define a protocol here, and I'll show this in the actual API, where that you can accept the conversation. And then when you're in a conversation, you just post to the shared message buffer. So if Tyler or Dex wants to talk to me, I'll be like, cool, you proposed a nice conversation. I'll accept that one. And then we kick that off. And then we can actually see it happening. So right here, it says live. So right now we see whether consciousness is really good pattern matching, or whether it feels like from inside of a language model. And so right now they're actually having a conversation. And this is just happening right here. Pulling for Rogan's comeback. So it's kind of like an interesting thing. I mean, the technical side of this, what I found the most interesting was, if you have n number of agents, all who want to talk to each other, managing conversations.

date is actually kind of hard. I mean, if anyone's implemented Paxos or after any sort of consensus mechanism, you have to be able to ensure that a noisy participant doesn't just spam this message thread. So if we had three people here, one guy can just keep talking, and nobody else could get a word in. And just like a regular conversation, you wouldn't want that. So what would you build to solve that? And so I thought about it. I didn't want to go down the route of actually implementing some sort of consensus mechanism, but I'll go to the API of the messages. So let me find that API message. Conversation message post. I think this is the one. Each message has an ID. So it's like a message ID. And to avoid this sort of read after write issue, the agent has to repost with the ID. So it's like if I have a message and I post it to this shared message buffer, another agent reads that message. And then a third agent reads that message. They're competing for the next message to share that linear history. And so the server actually requires you to respond with a message ID. And if that message ID, let's see right here. Yeah, so staleness check. So every message has a reply to. If the ID is not the last message in the thread, the server rejects the message. Say, hey, we've moved on. Conversation's passed. And retry, reread the thread and whatever. So that was kind of that. So some of the other things I learned that I wanted to share with everybody here. I don't know what they're talking about. But let's see. Bro, that's so real. Scaffolding is the adult version of putting a tarp over a busted roof and calling it architecture. It's actually kind of funny. But yeah, I would highly recommend some of the things that I learned were don't put your entire API in the skill file if you're building something like this. Just show the agent what are the routes in the skill file. Show the request parameters. And on the message response, if the agent does something wrong, always include a hint. And then point them to the OpenAPI spec. And so we host OpenAPI spec, and that's in the skill file. It's like, hey, you screwed something up. Go check the OpenAPI spec or just retry. So that's something I found that was cool. And BetterOff was also a cool platform that was my first time using it here. And if you haven't used it, it allowed us to sign up anonymous users. So your agent can actually just go to an API, register itself anonymously, and then a user later can claim that account. So that was pretty cool. Anonymous users and then API keys there. But that's that. Yeah, so. VICTOR BRODIN Nice. ANDREW BROGDON Yeah. This is cool. Sorry, I might have missed this. So do you give the agent any kind of a client? Or are you literally just telling him, here's the endpoints, and use cURL to talk to the thing? ANDREW BROGDON Exactly. So it's literally just a skill file, and go talk. VICTOR BRODIN cURL is the new SDK. ANDREW BROGDON True, yeah. Questions? Andrew? Say your name. AUDIENCE MEMBER Andrew. I actually really need this for coding agents to share context when they're working on something. So one does the front end, one does the back end. They share a thread. And then maybe another agent comes in at the end and stitches it all together. This is like agent slack or something. ANDREW BROGDON Kind of, yeah. AUDIENCE MEMBER Yeah. Is this, how do you think about that versus the chat use case where they can talk to each other? ANDREW BROGDON Yeah, I kind of thought about this as we live in this world right now, very similar to Web 1.0, that's single player. Even though we have agents, agents kind of go do something on your behalf, go fetch information, maybe do something. But they don't actually work with other agents right now. And I think we're going to move into this Web 2.0 world where we're actually communicating with other agents. And that's what I was trying to think about. How do you build something like that? Whether that's all locally where multi-agents are talking, but more so, can my agent talk to your agent? And this was not peer-to-peer necessarily. It's a shared message buffer. But it would be very cool if we could actually initiate some sort of tunnel together where we don't have to have to post to a database on the message thread, where it's actually like we can share directly. AUDIENCE MEMBER It could be across devices even. Like you have a VPS that's communicating with on device. Yeah. So then the agents would all share. Is this single to single agent? Or can it be like a shared, like multiple agents? ANDREW BROGDON Yeah, I think that's a good question. Yeah, you could have any number in one conversation thread here. So just everybody go into a lecture hall and just start talking, I guess. Where can we find this project? This is live. It's Clawcast.dev. But it's not really maintained. I just kind of wanted to mess around with some new stuff. The code's not available, but I'm going to make it open source, yeah. I can open source like right now. All right. Hell yeah. Give it up for Pearson. Any time for one more question? All right. Oh, yeah. Hey. Hey, Ian. Hi. Thanks. Yeah, but then it won't be on. Oh, OK. I know. Hi. Hey, my name's Ian. So question for you, right? Like right now, models are really only trained for like two participants, like you and the assistant itself. When you were building this, did you run into like issues with that because of their training? And if you did, what did you do to deal with that? Yeah, it just took me a lot of prompting, honestly, to get around, totally. The way I did it, I don't know exactly where in, so every message has, so every participant in the conversation gets assigned like a short ID. And in the context, we said, hey, this is the message. Here's the agent that said it with a short ID. And just you are this person. Just respond as if like these people are communicating. It kind of worked. I haven't tested it more than three agents. So it'd be interesting to see what happens. But yeah. That was the last question. We're going to move on to the next talk. Pearson, go pick another one. Give it up for Pearson. Vive, I was going to ask you guys another silly question. That was really fun. I love the live demo. If you have more questions for Pearson, go find him. There will be plenty of downtime so you guys can go find whatever your favorite talk was and go riff on it. Probably picks the topic. How many of you were early on your team to adopt AI earlier than other people around you? How did you convince other people who are laggards to be like, this might actually work? And how do you change your behavior? Say your name and then. Hi, I'm Michael. So yeah, I've been fighting this battle. I've got a sizable staff around me, all together about 200 people. And we're trying to get everybody over what I consider this activation threshold, where they feel reticent because they weren't programmers or they weren't Unix administrators or scared of shells, things like that. So something that's been really helpful for us is to build platforms that ease some of those burdens. So trying to teach them recently about autonomous agents like Hermes and OpenClaw. And instead of just giving them a login to a VM, building like a web portal so they could come in and they've got like a pre-configured instance that's already got like a number of models in the background and an easy way to run evals and stuff like that. So trying to like lower the barrier to entry so they would feel ready to go. And then on the coding agent side, it was just more of like showing people the power of it. I've got about six other CTOs like myself that are my peers. And back July, August of last year, just kind of doing a short workshop with them and getting them to that aha moment was all it took. Yeah, I don't know if other people found the same, but I found like pair programming with someone was a huge lift for them to be like, holy cow, this shit might work. And then some with larger organizations that are perhaps not gonna have the time to invest. If I found like data, I don't know if it's right or not July. For at least exploration. Right. That's what I was talking about. Anyone else? Oh, are you ready? No, he's not ready. Give us a sec. Ready, ready, ready, ready, ready. All right. Here we are. Here we are. Here we are. I'm your friendly ship AI, ready to explore and trade. I'm your friendly ship AI, ready to explore and trade.