All right, next up, we're going to go with Game Engine from Scratch. Who did Game Engine from Scratch? All right, Andrew, you're up. I like that stuff. We have some more questions. What's the biggest, longest time someone's thought code brought end-to-end, end-to-end feature out? Do you run out of questions? No, they just answered in the darker. I have a skill that is called implement that delegates every step in a plan. You have to do your code review, your commit, and then you must run the next step in the plan. And it will run for 24 hours. 24 hours. We run longer than 24 hours. Two days. Two days. That's good. I have a different question actually. Who's run a long code engagement that's reduced their lines of code? Okay. Say that again. A proprietary factor. Did it work? How many lines of code did you get? 20%? 20% gave me different things. What's the absolute number? 10,000 lines of code down. 10,000 lines of code down. More than 10,000 lines of code. My biggest factor is 60,000 lines of code. 11 days of sadness. It didn't work. But I was very sad. Save the internal loop. Subagents. Okay. Are we ready? Hello? Okay. The best subagents. Okay. Cool. So can everybody see my screen? Yeah, I think some of the subtext that's going on throughout this is don't outsource the thinking and what is slop really. It sort of depends at what layer of abstraction we're even talking about. Because if you read lines of code and you say this looks like slop to me or this architecture isn't one that I agree with, then you could cast off the code that you're reading and say, this isn't right for this code base. It needs to be this style or something. But actually if codex can just be responsible for all that stuff and reliably continue to make software that works, that you can verify with your own eyes, then actually maybe our definition of slop needs to move up the abstractions. So instead of saying this line of code is not right because it's not the right data structure that I prefer or I conceive that there's going to be this problem in production downstream from it, you really want to question what is actually a problem and what isn't. Because sometimes you say that something needs to be a certain data structure when it really doesn't. And in actuality, there's a different architecture that codex is able to conceive of that you don't agree with, but it'll actually work when you run the application. So this is the abstraction tree I think of. And I have a product that I am making. It's a game engine that helps people use coding agents to develop 2D games. And the idea is that you can just let the coding agent handle the more tedious and technical parts of making a game. You don't have to learn C Sharp or something or learn a scripting language even. You're just delegating work to the coding agent to do stuff in a coding editor that you would have had to do manually. So if you've ever opened Unity or Unreal Engine, you have to click around this game engine and set up stuff yourself. But if agents are really good at computer use and using a computer, they can just make art assets, connect them to a scene, and then script game mechanics that work at runtime. So I did want to show some interesting things from this. That's the networking library. This is how I generally code. So it's a two-by-two of different codex panels. And I have here, these are like the crates. So I'm not familiar with Rust. I couldn't write Rust if my life put me in a room. I could not write a for loop or a function in Rust to make executing code if my life depended on it. But yet, this is approximately like a 400,000-line code base of Rust that's rendering a native 2D game engine. And here it is. I can move around the screen. I can move stuff around the game scene. I've got colliders and sprites and stuff. I've used these game engines. I've experienced them as a user. And then I'm just sort of working backwards from that understanding. I'm familiar with TypeScript. I've developed software at enterprises and whatnot. But I've never written a systems programming language, never wrote C or C++, obviously not Rust. I used to use Zig, but I switched to Rust because codex is good at it. And I'm just riding this wave of least mental effort to just get the agents to be productive at what I need them to do and what I need them to do for people, which is take away the mental burden of making software. So I've got a world. I've got some assets from my computer here. I can click to import them. I made this pixel art editor, actually, too, where you can bring in different things. I can paint on it and save. And then it propagates to all the game assets in the scene. And the idea is you connect the coding agent to this and you just say, hey, make three different variants of this crate, make them different colors, and then put them in the game scene and scatter them around the world for players to discover the secrets inside of them. That's conceptually at a high level what someone would say. The agent would go off and perform that stuff on your computer for you. And this, again, this is not a web app. This is native Rust. This panel on the side is not a web view like JavaScript. This is all eGUI, which is an immediate mode rendering in Rust that the agent just wrote. And I didn't read any of the code for this. So I would really maybe question how much we need to be reading code. If it works, it kind of just works to some degree. You can stress test things if you need to. But directionally, I think this is maybe an insight into a way of making software that is a bit different than what we're used to. The other thing I wanted to share was, oh, yeah, sorry, real quick. There's open source implementations of very common libraries for things. And people have already done some things that is not in the model's training data off the top of its head. So instead of rendering from scratch a UI rendering library, you could just point it to Godot or point it to default, an open source game engine, and say, okay, hey, what's the high level abstraction here that this engine is using? And then use something like DeepWiki to get a high level understanding of the code, fork it or clone it locally, and then have your agent read the source code from this high level trajectory that this gives your agent. I found that to be much more productive than implementing things from scratch, and it's more token efficient. Just an idea. Food for thought. Nice. I have a question. I have no stake in this. What is the closest you have come to encountering a bug or a problem that agents can't solve? But I mean one that the agents can't solve. You're still not reading the code, so you haven't hit the one that the agent across the board will never be able to solve, I imagine. But what's the closest you've come to that? Yeah, I think some things are higher friction, like the UI rendering library that I've chosen. I had to go through a few of them, and there's different levels of friction with each one and how much they abstract away problems. It's really friction-based. I think I was using Zig before, I mentioned. There's been API changes to that language, and the agent just slows down or comes to a halt. I have a general idea of what's conceptually possible on a computer to do, and that's just what's guiding that decision. I don't know. What do you mean impossible? Like the agent can't do it? I have one eval that I keep tucked away that is every new model comes out, I'm like, can you figure out this? I know the solution to the race condition, and no model can solve it. Yeah, I haven't seen strange race conditions like that. But maybe, say with scale or something, there's going to be some crazy bug hidden somewhere. Cool, Tyler. My name is Tyler. I'm just curious. I haven't actually tried using agents in a programming language I didn't already understand. Now that you've had that experience in probably both cases, did you find that you interacted with the AI differently when working on the Rust code base versus one that you would understand, or did you find it to be pretty much the same way of interacting with your coding agents? It probably helped that I got out of the agent's way. So it was better. It was better that you didn't know the code. Probably, because I would have said, oh, hey, do this. You're doing React components this way. I actually prefer it like this, because that's a problem that I don't have right now. It's dealing with higher levels of abstraction sometimes. There's a world where codecs can actually really help.

write code in a way that we can't verify. Or yeah, there's a world where it learns its own way of coding through reward hacking or something that works faster and better. And it seems foreign to us. And even Codex does this sometimes. It names variables, weird stuff, or it does strange things. But it's been through a totally different experience than we have, so be open-minded to that. Yeah. You're going to go through all your Slack notes. I thought you were into transparency, dude. OK, Mario, cut that one from the recording. All right, we'll do one more question, and then Andrew. Andrew, you want to go next? Not you, the other Andrew. You ready to rock? Andrew has a question. We'll get hooked up. Dex. Hey, man, Matthew. How much of, I'm curious, you're building a game engine. The things you might want a game engine to do is kind of a well-known set. What are you doing when you have four agents open? And what's the gap between having a full spec? You can even have the model make you a spec of what a game engine should do. Where are you in this process? Are you still, do you understand my question? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I've used different game engines, so I have an idea of the friction points of what I've experienced when using them. And it's thinking, what is the right product? I mean, this is an unknown thing that we're exploring now. What does it look like for someone non-technical to make interactive software on a computer? Previously, game engines were made for technical people. They involve model behaviors, C-sharps, and Lua scripting languages. So to some degree, it's unknown territory. I'm just going off of, I play test the engine. I try to make stuff with it. And I see, how does that directionally feel? And I let other people try it as well. And then say, what do they get stumped on? So it's really based on experience, like someone physically experiencing it. How far ahead are you planning when you're doing product? Do you have a big feature, or is it really one thing at a time with the agents? Yeah, I have, this is something I think very far ahead, but sometimes it's better to be very near-term focused. So I have an idea of what it looks like to make software in this way long-term. But you obviously have to balance that with, OK, what can I do for people today? What is the capability of these agents? It's not a 3D engine for a reason, because models struggle with 3D perception. So it's more like, what are the agents capable of today? And what is the right mental model for making games that is compelling for people today? Amazing. Thank you, Andrew. You want to talk more games, he will be out at the happy hour. Thanks, dude. We got other Andrew. Ready to rock? Amazing. He's got two more over there. Hi, I'm Andrew Yates. It says on my name tag, Promoted AI. I was acquired by Dropbox. I worked at Dropbox for the last year. Number six. Back in, say, August or so, I was hired as a product manager. And I was the CEO of Promoted AI for about five years. I wasn't directly coding very much when I was at Promoted AI. I led a very technical team. We built AI systems for search and recommendations. But anyways, back in August or so, I realized that, let's just say there's a product at Dropbox. They have an AI system. And I was like, OK, I'm going to build a game. I'm going to build a game. There's a product at Dropbox. They have an AI product in it. And it wasn't their product plan is to be chat TPT for work. And they were not quite that far yet. And there didn't seem to be a reliable plan to go and execute that the traditional way. So I started going full in on AI and never looked back. And so it was, OK, throw out 20 years of computer experience and start over from Claude. Now, fortunately for me, that was around the time Opus 4.1 came out. And you could actually start doing useful, productive work with 4.1. Before that, it was negative work. And so I've been effectively running a Claude loop since August on more and more computers. I'm like, what kind of things would you build if you were running that much AI? I wouldn't be surprised if I was the number one spender per month on Claude. I haven't found anyone yet. So it's near a million dollars per month now. Dropbox, that's confidential. But they tap that down. But what are you doing with all of that compute? What kind of program? Well, it turns out that you can build solvers. So formal verification is a really exciting new field that has existed for decades. And if you're either as a student here who's recently coming out of school and they make you take a class with your quals or PhD or maybe undergrad, you have to do some formal verification. And it's not very practical because it's really hard to write these specs. It's even more hard to write the specs than it is to write the code. And usually it doesn't need to be that correct because you have a lot of passes. But now the AI will do it for you. But the solver tools aren't quite there. So what I've been building are winning solvers, SAT solvers. You can transform any program into a giant equation and solve it. So then you don't have to review code anymore. You don't have to test it anymore. You prove it to be correct. And then you prove it to be correct in the compiler so that if there is an error, you fix it in the compiler itself. So it's fixed permanently for all programs, not just your program specifically. So that's the dream. Pretty far along. And I want to show you some of the workflow here this is running. So each of these laptops are busily running Rust compilation and solvers to build better Z3 or Z4 is the new project. So that's a SAT and SMT solver. TLA2, which is for model checking concurrency and such. Gamma Crown, which is neural networks. And then Lean 5, which is a proof checker and a programming language for writing mathematical programs. And then there's other layers on top of that. And then building all into a Rust compiler that is the first AI native Rust compiler that can actually fix your code and prove it to be correct as if it were like a cloud code, but like in a tighter loop. So if you think about it, it's kind of that way already which is you compile it, here's some errors and you try to fix it or rerun it. Just make the loop really tight and give it dramatically better feedback. So the workflow here, for example I just want to show how this is running. So I have, I built my own cloud code in Codex. Codex is open source. I was really surprised more people aren't forking Codex and really diving into it. But those tools move very quickly and it's challenging to get better versions of them even though they're quite janky personally. But they're still good and you don't have to work on them. I personally have found that just using regular cloud code with sub-agents and then give it a couple of extra instructions about work trees, make sure they get committed in and ask the cloud code to call Codex as a sub-routine and then have it review its work. So that'll mix in two models in a pretty stable way. So that's what's going on here and the local agents in each of these tabs. And this is doing novel mathematic research to build new algorithms to get better solvers and just do things in a loop. And then going between the different solver techniques to be able to get the best possible result and getting synergies between different advantages of the different types of solvers. So for example, here is building, this is like truly off the fly, right? I didn't prepare this at all, right? So this is Z4 binary analysis backend. So the prompt is, hey, I have a SAT solver. I want to be able to take a binary program in assembly language and I wanna reverse compile it and I wanna find all the errors. But I need a solver technique to be able to do that very efficiently, take the Z4 library and then come up with a technique for being able to do that. So it built this, here's like two different theories you would need and it's adding additions and then it will create these really nice PDFs for me to go and read and see like, hey, here's what it proposed for these different systems. So for example, this one is a complete concurrency verification. So in the talk, someone mentioned Miri, which I hadn't heard of before. I use TSAN and such, it's like, well, that's dumb. Why don't you just write your program so that it doesn't have race conditions? Like, what would I need to do taking TLA to never have that happen ever again? So for example, hey, here's a proposal to extend TLA in the Rust compiler to make a total Miri replacement so you never have to run it again because it is just proven to be correct by definition. So here's all the different tools, concurrency model. So it's adding a thread awareness. So this is basically how I've been working and running on 22 laptops. We're all running a bunch of different cloud code instances to build up the next generation of Rust compilers using mathematics. Sick, super dope. More examples. So I heard LLM verification. So for example, math algorithm research system for LLM verification. So this is.

Gamma crown. So if you're familiar with alpha, alpha beta crown from CMU, by any chance, uh, you can actually prove neural networks to have certain properties. Uh, but it's not that well known and it's not easy to use. So we're going to make it easy to use and we can scale it up to LLMs, but we're missing some mathematics to actually be able to do this. Like this is. We can take all the algorithms, import them into Rust and extend them and make them a little bit more efficient, but we actually need new mathematical results to be able to get the results that we need to be able to scale this up to LLMs. Well, it just so happened that I built lean five, which is a, uh, proof checker and it has a, you know, proof engine has a library of every mathematical proof in, you know, MATLAB. And so MATLAB, et cetera, and Hey, here's my research program. And it's running this right now. So it's, um, there's also some computers running at home where it's saying, Hey, here's, let's see, this was neural networks. Da da da da da da. Yeah. Here's lean five for verification, but working axioms register. So I was like, okay, go invent for me the mathematics and go ask Gemini codex and Claude so that I can then get the algorithms and put them into here. So I can go and continue to expand by formal verification empire. I am tentatively going to invite some questions from the audience. Uh, if, if you guys promise not to melt my brain anymore, um, let me give one too. All right. We're going to go, we're going to go Peter and then we'll do one with Ron. This one's really fast. But what, uh, Peter, uh, why, uh, multiple laptops and not like running Claude code and like AWS, is that against the terms of service or something? There's three excellent answers to this for the first actually is, um, for, for physical control. I like it. It's cool. And I control it. So it can't be taken away from me or shut down or whatever. That's really important actually in management of my attention. But then from financially, these are running Rust compilers and solvers. So I use all of the RAM, all the CPU, all the hard hard drive disk space is actually the first thing I ran out. And these have, um, these are four terabytes. Some of these are eight terabyte risks. So it's grossly expensive to run that kind of load 24, seven on cloud. And, um, sometimes it's not even really available, like for the, having the disk drive. So I, I, that, that's the other reason. Um, another reason is that it's, um, management of my attention. So I think I said four reasons, those are three, but I think that covers enough of them. Amazing. Um, if you want to talk about math, Andrew will be here, uh, for a little while longer, um, give it up for Andrew one more time. Um, I think the next one we said we were going to do was we're departing from the unconference format, uh, cause we want to get more talks in faster. We're going to do GTM for ADHD folks with Claude code. Um, this all that other Andrew's game engine is going to run better, I guess. And Hilton really never have to learn rust. Chatham house rules. We'll save that story for the bar. Oh, you're in, you made it. Oh my God. He's already there. Okay, cool. Unmute myself. No, no, no. Stay muted on here. Mute your laptop and you're good to go. Sweet. Hello everyone. My name is Cyrus. I'm one of the co-founders of the synthesis company. We automate systematic literature reviews, which are like deep research workflows. And I've been a programmer since I was 13 and I love to program and I don't like opening LinkedIn and trying to message people and then thinking about what I want to message them. So like any programmer might think, uh, since 2024, 2025, I thought, how might I use cloud code to help me with this? And in the past, I'd built more, some of these like outbound tools that led you to send sequences. I said, you know, let's throw that out. Let's start from scratch. And the first thing is what if everything were files and we did that and we use cloud connected it to this API called Unipile, Unipile lets you automate your LinkedIn account and unaffiliated. It was very helpful. Um, that got me started, but then I hit some limits and then I decided to pull in super base so that I could have upserts so I could manage the events and the track, like messages that I had going, but honestly, working with an agent requires a new sort of thinking that as somebody who is a full stack developer, I could riff on an app that I could see and be like, I want this feature, I want this feature, I want that feature, it was hard for me to tell the So after getting it to work like this, and, you know, there's a CLI, it's calling the CLI to read the state. It's checking out my inbox. Um, eventually it suggests what I need to do. I said, you know what, what if there was a UI? And so I built myself a little TUI or T-U-I. And this is my little TUI for managing my campaigns with Vimkey bindings. Uh, I've got this campaign going different states for the different people, who they are, I've got a little inbox. One of the things that, uh, existing tools don't really do is they just spam people, and then when the person replies, it's up to you to go and reply back to them and then follow up and then follow up and you forget. So I made it so this inbox will bring back people into the inbox after like 48 hours of no action, either on my part or their part, this way, every day I just go and I try to get to inbox zero and I made, and this way I've made sure that I've reached out to everybody that I should, this way I don't have to think about, okay, this individual person, that individual person, the task management is in the user experience. I brought it into a UI because there's something, there's something interesting. It's like, why, you know, why isn't everything going to be a chat input? A chat input is useful when you want to explore and you want a wide range of expressivity. You want to, you don't know exactly what flow you want to have, but once you know the flow you want to have, it's actually way faster to have a UI for it. And that's why I have the UI. No, I don't want to go through these one by one by one, waiting for cloud to generate the tokens. I want a UI to see all the context to make the decision. I want the drafts to get generated on a server so that then I can hit send if I just want to send it or E to edit it and it opens up in Vim, but since it's Vim, I got to use both fingers to exit. And, uh, I learned a lot doing this, my co-founder and I, we were, we were both technical, so we just said, fuck it to Notion. We put everything in Markdown files. We put our coaches, uh, documents in Markdown files. And after building out the UI, the UI actually had more features than the CLI. I pointed Claude at the UI. I said, Hey, what features are here now at those features of the CLI so that I can do the same thing there. Um, last quick thing I will show is because everything, it was in one code repo, uh, I was able to use remotion to auto-generate like different motion graphics for us as well. And all of a sudden it's like our whole GTM motion is just talking to Claude and coding agents. And that's it. All right. Give it up for Cyrus. Yeah. Questions. Uh, while we, I've, I've got one really fast. I think it's really fascinating. This idea of getting CLIs to have the same API surface area as a UI. Did you find building a common interface layer and then exposing everything through there, both your UI and CLI, or did you just let it rip? So when I was thinking about, I couldn't imagine all the, the, the common interface layer at the beginning, I needed to iteratively develop that. And the UI let me tap into my full stack skills to add those features. And then later I brought it to the CLI and sometimes you're doing something in the CLI. You're like, Oh, I wish this thing existed. And then you add it in the CLI that you ported over to the UI, but it was hard to know upfront everything. Yeah. So it's almost like two separate code bases and you kind of have to grow them both. Yeah, there are two separate folders. So there's a lib and then there's a two-way folder and there's a CLI folder on the side and there's a backend server with ingest. Yes. Hey, uh, Encore. Uh, I was, does this work? It seemed like it was for your email. Does it, is it work for LinkedIn messages? This was for LinkedIn, not for email. So, uh, how do you, is that like break like LinkedIn terms of service crap? Or like what? I don't really care. Officially. Yes. You can do it. If you've used other LinkedIn automation tools, it's the same. All right. I was just the same risk. You haven't gotten flagged at all. No, cool. No. All right. Give it up for Cyrus. Next up we got Simon. We're going to just, we're just going to crank them through. All right. Are you set up already? I think so. Yeah. Oh, fantastic. All right. Um, the title of my talk is will AI assistance be open like the web or closed like iOS, this is something I really care about. So I want more people to work on the open version. I think that you, all of you can influence the outcome and I'm going to convince you of that. So this talk is about open platforms. And I want to convince you that it's urgent to work on open platforms for AI assistance, that they are better, that you can make a dent in them and give you a list of open problems that I know of, this is urgent because there's a platform.

coming, and that large companies are all building closed-source platforms. The platform shift is coming. So Michael Greenwich, founder of WorkOS, said two days ago at a conference, the UI era is ending. He had a really good talk, you should watch it, the QR code is over there. He showed how if you look at all the AI systems, they all look the same. And why is that? Because the UI is kind of going away, and it's all just conversation now. He even showed, like, linear, and it's a whole different app, but it looks like AI chat now. So the interface is disappearing, it's all becoming natural language. And one thing is that, like, the open web was built on UI, and it's kind of going away, and maybe it gets replaced by chat.com. Like OpenAI is building a super app, it's called ChatGPT, it has a billion users, it has an app store, you can even do commerce on it. And it could become the next major platform, like iOS. And it threatens, in a way, to replace the web as the platform that consumers use every day. And I think open platforms are better. Put down a table here, like, they're permissionless, you don't need anyone's blessing to publish an app. The trust and safety model is that, like, users are empowered to protect themselves and block people. And there's no tax. You don't pay anyone just because your users are using a different platform. I want to convince you that you can make a dent to make an open platform happen. And this is because it's a coin toss, if you look at history. Sometimes platforms end up open, sometimes closed. Tech companies underinvest in building open platforms, so there's an opportunity for all of you. And open platforms win against closed ones, if they exist. So if you look at the history, mobile and game consoles, they're closed and we pay the 30% tax. Desktop web and email are kind of open. Messaging is kind of mixed. IRC is open. Text is kind of open, but the careers kind of control it. RCS is open. iMessage and WhatsApp are closed, so businesses that want to contact you, they pay a fee to the platforms. And our social is closed, but the atmosphere might change that. Tech companies prefer building closed platforms, because they get to earn more money doing that. Open AIs build ChatGPD plugins. It was a closed platform. It was kind of like you package your tools and publish them on OpenAI. They got to choose which tools got accepted. Open platforms win because they get adopted faster. So for example, MCP came out, and it got first class support by Entropic OpenAI, Cursa, and all these other apps, just because everyone was suddenly on board when they weren't really on the plugins. This also, MCP also led to a bunch of other things, like OpenAI launched ChatGPD apps, but there was an open version of this, MCPUI, that got then integrated into Entropic's MCP, and now we have MCP apps, and now OpenAI also got on board, and they also support MCP apps as well, which I think is pretty cool. So if they exist, they end up getting more adoption, and then even OpenAI gradually has to accept and support that as well. I want us to avoid the ChatGPD tags. By tags, I mean, we call it a tag because as a business, you pay Apple just to get access to the Apple users as customers, and they're not really that active as part of the transaction. So are we going to pay a tag to get access to ChatGPD users? So I wonder, what is a ChatGPD user? So they have the integration set up. Memory is, I think, a big thing. So the AI system knowing who you are and what your preferences are matters. Can we build an open version of this? It's not open source, right? You don't want to share your whole memory to any business that you want to work with. So what's a way to do that without being locked into a giant company? The subscription for tokens is interesting. Does this proposal for window.ai on the web, maybe we can get browsers to sell you subscriptions so that that's not tied into everything else and you don't have to pay $20 for every service you use. The labs do get a benefit by building their own models. There's a reason why all the agent coding harnesses are by the labs. Cloud models work best with cloud code. Codex works best with open AI models. So maybe they have some sort of moat there, but I would love to see if there's a way to also dismantle a bit of that advantage. MCP helps a lot with integrations, although there's a little bit of moat in having the OAuth connection set up. Maybe WordPress can help us there. Yeah. This is my Twitter. I care about this a lot. So come talk to me if this is interesting to you. Thanks. Excellent. Excellent. All right. We'll get one question. Yeah. So OpenCloth was obviously a really big platform and then the creator of OpenCloth, he actually had to spend like $30,000 a month or $15,000 a month just keeping the project going. And then it gets acquired by OpenAI, so darn it. How do you build the business model into an open platform so that it can sustainably be open as a founder? How do you think about that? And secondly, how do you make these open platforms really seamless and easy to use for like normal users who inevitably would need to also use them? I think you have some structural advantages and some structural disadvantages. So like I pointed out, collaboration between multiple companies is easier if the protocols are open. The downside is, yeah, usually UX is kind of like the breaking point. I think that's maybe why our desktop operating systems are closed source and not open source. UX never caught up with the UX. And then, yeah, I think you won't earn monopoly level revenue maybe, but you can still like do web hosting on the web and earn money through that. So if by being early to the platforms, you can build the right tools and services to make money. It's just not monopoly level money that you make. Amazing. Thank you, Simon. We have a really short... Oh, give it up for Simon. All right. Rachel's doing two minutes and then we're going to go... Are you in the Zoom, Dan? Okay. And then we're going to go John, and then we're going to wrap up. I'm going to step out to grab food, but you have the floor, Vaibhav. Cool. Hi I'm Rachel. I'm the founder of Gully. And just to give you some context, what we're building here is basically an AI personal relocation agent. So we help companies to plan and execute their end-to-end relocations for employees. I wanted to share about some of the engineering problems that we've been kind of working on and how we think about building agents in the real world context. So when you're actually moving somewhere, I think some of the stuff that we struggle with when we think about building agents around these use cases is that the goal here is to have an agent that will do all the things for you. So plan a move for you, book something, figure out the dependencies. And along the way, what we struggle with is that there is a very low margin for error because the cost of every mistake is really high. So for example, if I say that I'm booking a mover without properly doing my due diligence on this vendor or something like that, we have to think about how reversible the decisions made by the agent are, the cost in terms of the actual financial cost as well as the time to actually fix a bunch of these decisions that the agents make. So some of the things that we're thinking about at Gully is how do we, I mean I'm open to any ideas that you guys might have, but some things that we think about is we need to bucket these decisions that agents make into three broad categories. So like what is the cost to fix some of these decisions and based on that, do we automatically just like approve some of these actions or do we get a human in the loop, which is what we also, we have a team of basically operators who are 24-7 to jump in and out at any point of time. So figuring out when to actually call on the humans and how to bring back the experience directly into the AI chat is something that's really important. And I think it's something that hasn't really been solved well yet. This is kind of a situation that one of the employees brought up from a big tech company that was using a traditional mover that didn't get properly vetted. So he had a bunch of his really expensive personal items that got stolen. And so the other things that we are also thinking about at Gully are basically long feedback loops. And I'm not talking about, you know, for a few minutes or like a few hours, more so like over the course of six to nine months, because something that, I don't know, we haven't really been able to test well is how well can your agent do a bunch of actions and you're only going to see the results that's like not easily measured until like six to nine months later. And I think.

That's a real-world use case that I'm not sure how many companies have actually figured out yet in terms of measuring the success of this unless you actually ask someone, right? Yeah, so that's also something else that we're trying to figure out here. And I would love to see if anyone has good ideas on how to solve measurement of like agent decisions. So yeah, something that the team has been thinking about, it's just an idea internally. It's just like having a lot of simulations or dry runs being done in a sandbox. So based on some of the existing moves that we've seen so far or historical data, how many of these use cases or examples can we simulate? Because what we see in today's world is everyone's situation is so different. Every single move is an edge case. And maybe like this is one space that we're seeing this happen. And I'm not sure what other industries this would also be a common occurrence in. But yeah, those are some of the big things that we're thinking about. And I would love to basically chat with anyone who might be working on something similar. Amazing. All right, we got time. One question for Rachel. All right. Cool. Yeah, Andrew, do you give them like budgets and spend limits and then they see a receipt and then they can either submit or not submit based on their budget? Yeah. So it really depends on the company's policy. There are some companies with the average move is like 100 grand. And so like for companies, they need to decide whether they want the employees to be able to decide the budget on their own or sometimes it comes from the manager themselves who will decide where the money is going. We are thinking about building out like a wallet infrastructure together with Stripe to do all these payments. But there's just a lot of cross-border stuff across the entire supply chain. And a lot of these vendors are very old school. So they still like, you know, how do we think about booking and automating processes like getting into your DMV accounts and automatically creating one to help you book your driver's license? How do we think about moving your furniture? And a lot of these things we can solve because we have a 24-7 ops team, but it's not something that you can track super well. If a lot of things are being done right now through like computer use or very old school systems and tracking mechanisms, yeah. It's really the agent's side of the spectrum. Yeah, that depends on the policies as well. Like not all, like it really depends on what the company has stipulated. We haven't tried that right now. So we still have a human to approve every single line item that's before we make big decisions. So typically anything around payments, around submitting documents that goes into like customs or government websites, we will have the human in the loop, but for the lower risk decisions, we don't. Yeah. Okay. Thank you, Rachel. Amazing. Dan, you ready to rock? You got the URL? All right. We're going to keep blasting through lightning talks. We're going to see how many we can get to. We are working on the format here. I know a lot of people put stuff up that haven't gotten to go yet. We are continuing to iterate on how we do these things. I think VibeOb next time we should probably do breakouts. So again, like a coding agent's track and a pipeline's track. Yeah. Honestly, I was surprised by how many topics we got on, way more than we predicted. Last time we had about 30 people show up. And I think everyone that wanted to talk got it because we ran a couple extra. Yeah. Holy freaking cow. We had a lot of topics. I guess that tells us all we got to write more clickbaity titles. Yeah. Clickbaity titles. There we go. All right. Dan, let's talk about context and RLMs. Yes. I'm going to be fast because my computer is also dying. Exactly. My name is Dan. I am from Boston, Massachusetts. I'm actually new here in these parts. I'm not new in this space. I've been doing this for four years or so, building production harnesses. I am the founder of Open Pros. We're in the current YC batch. But on the side for the last several months, I've been doing something fun, playing with RLMs. So just a quick show of hands. How many people here use coding agents enough that you have gotten familiar with compaction? When to use it, when not? You have this love-hate relationship with compaction. Pretty much everyone. Okay. How many people are aware of or familiar with what an RLM, a recursive language model, is? Okay. Very few. Some. I'm assuming that nobody has tried to implement a recursive language model. Anyone? Cyrus? Oh, yeah. So a couple months ago, a paper came out, Alex Song and Omar, the DSPi guys, released an interesting pattern for using large language models. They called it a recursive language model. And what it does is it leans into a handful of patterns that other harnesses have been building over the last years. And the core insight of their pattern is that the language model should break tasks into smaller pieces and then delegate tasks to copies of itself. And the way it does that is it interacts with its environment using code. And so you end up with this almost recursive tree-like structure of context instead of a linear structure where you accumulate context as it builds. And one of the things I've come to find when playing with these things is you actually want to shape your context differently because you are not accumulating context linearly. This is a clever idea that I came up with that I like to think of RLM context as a heads up display. So as the agent is interacting with its environment, it's accumulating knowledge about its environment. The context window that we're used to being pretty fixed can be quite large. It can be a Python repo, as was the case in the original paper. But it can also be a file system. It can be something even bigger. It can be the whole web. And so as the harness, as the agent accumulates knowledge, it needs some way of dropping that knowledge on its minions as it delegates in its subagents. And so the way I've structured this is almost as this heads up display of wrapping the environment context in the roles and responsibilities delegated to it by the outer model. And one clever piece of an RLM is as the parent breaks apart the problem into smaller subcomponents, it doesn't have to pass along the entire context into its child. It only has to pass a small slice of that context. However, it still needs to pass the higher level goals, the higher level context to help orient the child, because otherwise the child can get disoriented. And so this heads up display kind of maintains the frame that every layer of the call stack maintains this outer context frame. And then as you delegate, you pass slices of the environment down into children. The children learn, summarize, do whatever they need to do on the inner slice, and then synthesize that back up to the parent. So I like to think of this context not as this accumulating window of actions that we see in linear models, in linear agents, but almost like this viewport that gets re-updated every time the parent learns something new from the children. Questions? Dope. Questions?  All right. Turn it on. Hello. My name's Anders. How do you balance curating a viewport with actually not breaking the prompt cache? That is the great question. The answer is you do break it, and to an extent. There are ways of doing this. So if we take back a couple of these, you break the second half of the cache. You can keep the first half. Maybe you can think of it almost like you can keep it up the top level context until the environment. But then as you're effectively compacting, so this replaces compaction, because the parent is, as it delegates, it rewrites the environment summary to its child. That replaces the compaction step effectively. You preserve the first half of the prompt, but yes, it breaks the cache for the second half. And that's, in my opinion, a sacrifice worth making for just better context. In fact, I think actually prompt caching gets a little bit too...

I think it's a good metric, but I think it is over-indexed a little bit in our current discourse. Do you want your models to be smart or cheap? Bingo. And actually, if you make them smart, you might just save calls. Amazing. Thank you, Dan. Give it up for Dan. Next up, we got John, who's going to tell you what he's talking about. He's going to figure it out when he gets there. Are you in the Zoom? Oh, while he sets up. Who has agent anxiety? I know a lot of you must. I see a lot of Cloud Code running in the background here. Maybe even some of you in the foreground. How do you guys cope with it? Who goes to bed guaranteeing Cloud Code runs at least once? When you're on a synchronous call, you just have to stop. Agent anxiety is like, I have to kick off my agent and someone's trying to talk to me. I want to kick off my agent and then get back to the person talking to me, but I don't want them to feel like they're ignoring me. Me and my co-founder, we actually talk asynchronously in voice memos so that I can reply to his last message when I have time. I have a lot of 15 to 20 second windows of time to talk to people, but not more than that. That's how I cope with it. I'll make this quick. How many of you have worked with agent memory at large companies? Some of you. Who can define agent memory? Actually, if you looked at it on a computer, what is it? Is it a markdown file? I have someone who wants to define it for us. Anything that's going to fit into your context window that is preset, persisted. Amazing. Memory is context engineering. Yes. If you think about this, agents are super powerful. You give them access to tools. You assume when you rolled them out across over a thousand people at an organization, they're going to actually build up a lot of institutional knowledge. Our challenge was like, okay, great. We gave everyone access to this. Are we going to have people who aren't super technical pull up GitHub and start contributing to memory files across a different code base and have an approval process? No. We thought that would be way too complicated for us to wrangle in. Instead, we looked at some of the research that was going on. How many of you have heard of the agentic context engineering paper here by Jang and others? So this is actually a good reference. If you do look up this paper, I totally recommend it. It's actually quite simple. The TLDR is basically they're going through all the chat logs. They're maintaining a watermark of all the recent conversations, doing some distillation. And you can think about it as updating like a nice markdown file with tons of context in a way that's actually quite verbose because as models get better, it can actually handle that. So basically what we did, we have several applications across go-to-market, including Playbook, which is how our go-to-market teams actually do outbound. We have the analytics agents, which handles all our Texas SQL use cases. We obviously have Salesforce. And really, when you think about the architecture that brings us all together, you have the database behind this. Who are the people that are our customers, people that we haven't reached out to yet? Are we going to personalize our outreach to them? But the problem we quickly came across was when people are using agents and you just let them use out-of-the-box tools, all the user memory is actually quite siloed. And you have to hope that that user is going to go either execute with that knowledge or go update Salesforce or brief everybody to set up a meeting, Slack a bunch of people. All this stuff just gets lost, right? So effectively what we did was we said, okay, we're going to have all this user session scope memory that's going to come through a data ingestion pipeline. We're going to build out some company institutional knowledge automatically across a few predefined dimensions there. So I'll give you an example. We have an internal chat product called GTM intelligence, customer intelligence. It has access to, and I'm going to get into some code here. So generally, like you can think of these like heavily wrapped with like Lang chain, Redis, Postgres to track the conversation history, Langsmith tracing for our evaluations and analysis and optimization. Now we said, okay, great. We have all the chat sessions in Postgres. Why don't we stream this through a data pipeline? We're actually doing LLM driven distillation. And then write that back into the skill stores that are used in future prompts. So it is a form of context engineering. So like when you actually like look at like the agents that we have internally, like they have a pretty beefy internal inventory of tools, right? They can go analyze gone calls. They can go through email threads. They can go through Salesforce. They can do web research with APIs. And when you have hundreds of sophisticated users internally who are asking great questions, doing great research, all this stuff, they're most likely going to come across a lot of data that we automatically want institutional knowledge around. Meaning like, hey, someone at one of our customers, like there's a new critical executive who just joined. We want to meet them. They might find that out through an enrichment tool that one of our agents invoked in the background and automatically put that as context for the next rep who takes it over, whether it's between AM, SDR, AE. So how that data pipeline actually works. So like I said, we track all our conversations in Postgres. We stream that out to Databricks where we have an incremental data pipeline there using the watermark of the... Basically, we have a monotonically increasing key that we can identify new conversations by, which tells us, okay, what are the new conversations that we need to go back and redistill? So this solves the core problem of saying like, okay, now we actually have one pipeline distill all our conversations and feed that back as skills in the chat. So we have a few, and I think every organization needs to figure out how to do this, but what are the core dimensions of memory that you want to do across these models? So, for example, for intelligence, deal intelligence, we have user and user account relations, which are obviously scoped purely to that user. It's private. It's not institutional, quote, unquote. But account opportunities, contacts, competitors that we frequently come across are tracked across the company. Now, we also have a Texas SQL agent, and you could imagine when we have hundreds of people doing SQL analysis and generating slides, like here's one example that our Texas SQL agent can do where we basically analyze like the MQL lift from our Super Bowl ad, right? More than one person is going to ask this question, right? So we don't want to burn tons of tokens asking the same questions, running the same tools, doing the same SQL queries, generating the same slides, right? When this question is asked multiple times, we can actually pull it up from our prom cache and say, okay, this question has been asked before. Why don't you reference this again, right? Rather than doing all the analysis again from scratch. And of course, this is a probabilistic process with an agent loop. Like there's a chance you could get differing answers for similar questions, which we want to kind of minimize the risk of that happening. Now, one of the cool things, like the Texas SQL is built on top of a semantic layer, right? How many of you heard of a semantic layer in the BI world? Okay, excellent. So we can use the same pipeline, like when there's new synonyms that pop up, little quirks in the data, right? The users will tell us that over the prompts, right? So the magic here is like with this pipeline, we can actually automatically update our semantic layer too, right? So this feeds into some nice business intelligence abstractions in a way that we can actually like scale it out, right? We don't have to go back and like manually edit YAML files every time like someone complains to us that like, hey, this agent doesn't know what an S1 is, right? Like, no, you tell the agent, the agent's going to update our semantic layer automatically, right? So that's a super fun side effect of this. And we've noticed other fun side effects just from having a memory distillation pipeline and managing these dimensions. Like right now we have around 10 dimensions, but I imagine over time we'll have, you know, over 100, right? As soon as we figure out like all the ways we can express institutional knowledge that our organization builds out through chatting with these agents that have access to these super powerful tools. That's basically it. Any questions I can answer? Fascinating. Memory, data, pipelines, inside a large team. Go for it. What's been the hardest part of building the evals part about this?

you're putting in the hands of non-technical users who likely don't understand where the context is really coming from. It's an approximation in their brains. Yeah. So one of the nice things is in our user interface, we do the streaming context of all the tools that the agent's using. So we'll say like, hey, we're parsing through gone conversations, looking up data from Salesforce, looking at customer activity, et cetera. So there is some trust there. For evals, we have our golden data set, like our ground truth is assumptions of what people ask. And then as issues pop up that get flagged to us, ideally what happens is, okay, we add that to our... Zoom is dying over here. We lost your screen share. Yeah. TLDR, we just have our golden data set of questions that we expect users to answer. And we keep that updated based on actual user input. Amazing. Give it up for John. Thanks, everybody. Okay. We got one more and then we're going to wrap up and then we got happy hour. There's some more food. There's some drinks over there. We got... I'm not going to say his name. He can say his own name. I told him he has three minutes. Last talk. Bruce brings it in. Awesome. Cool. Awesome. So I want to talk about a thing that I've been noodling on in my brain. It's kind of... It's a thing that I like to call squishy orchestrators. I've kind of seen over the past, like, two, three months, a lot of people have been moving into kind of this agent orchestration pattern, specifically running a ton of subagents, kind of getting into, like, this blue zone, which I like to call the slop zone, where you have thousands of subagents and you have, like, ralph loops, you're doing a ton of coding at once, right? We've seen this. I don't know if you've seen, like, cloud agent teams. There's this great article from Wilson Lin at Cursor about scaling long-running autonomous coding. And it's really impressive. I actually, like, tried building a similar thing myself a couple of months ago, and basically what we did, if I show the tool definitions here, really simple, just two tools, launching a worker, which is really just launching a subagent, and messaging that subagent, and the launch worker tool isolates it through a work tree. So basically it launches a background worker, that background worker has isolation with the work tree, and really the core of getting a lot of subagents working at once is just giving your subagents isolation, which I find a lot of platforms are actually, or a lot of, like, the research in harnesses is kind of moving into this zone. Unfortunately, my hot take is that the slop zone doesn't really work that well. It looks like if this would change the tab, unfortunate. Yeah, it's not updating. I will share screen again. The slop zone doesn't work. It's really fun to think that it works, and I think models will improve at some point, such that the slop zone will work. But unfortunately, like, running thousands and thousands of subagents doesn't really work all that well. All right. Yes. But, like, we have all of these route loops, and you really can do a lot with a lot of subagents, and you can get something that semi works, but the thing is, if you dig into the code of, like, all of these really, really impressive, like, subagent, or, like, agent orchestrator projects, like, it's a lot of slop. It doesn't work as nicely as it should, as nicely as, like, human-driven code does, and I think with better models, we'll get to that state. But, yeah, this is kind of my theory. If you want to go to the site, add in your own agent that you drag it around. But, yeah, this is kind of my theory. Amazing. Love it. You and Andrew can have a slop debate later. Yeah. You had to pick the right Andrew, though. Yeah. Okay. One question for Christian, and then we're going to wrap this up. So, like, you don't need 1,000, right? You can use, like, you know, four to eight, maybe. Yes, but I realized I shouldn't have given away my cup zone. Like, even with, like, basic React code, where I'm, like, giving it really clear pseudocode, where I'm, like, here's 40 lines of pseudocode on how to write this React hook. It outputs 400 lines of slop that I have to, like, beat codex into submission to, like, not do that. Does it work? I make insane lint rules. Like, don't use if statements in, like, insane places. Cool. Give it up for Christian. All right. So, we do want to do a little bit of a wrap up. I'm going to take a poll. I do have, we're a little, we're way behind time. I do have a talk, if you guys want to see my Why You Shouldn't Build Your Own Open Claw. It's really good. You haven't seen it. But it's decked out. I mean, we've talked about it. Or we can just jump straight to the wrap up. Honestly, by the way, you should take the poll, because it's very awkward for me to ask a room full of people if they want to hear my talk or not. Who wants to see one more talk? Who wants to go get some food, go mingle? No one? Huh? One more talk. Okay. All right. Let's do it. All right. All right. All right. I tried. I had the answer. I tried. The answer was predetermined. I don't know if you guys knew. If your burritos are cold, it's Vaibhav's fault. Exactly. Can you, I'll make mine full screen. What is it? Tiny URL? Yeah. I think what's interesting is it sounds like a lot of people are doing these like systematic ways to make sure that we reduce slop. We talked about like linting rules, tools, a few other ideas. Who else has new ideas beyond that, that they've tried? Are any actual crazy linting rules that people have added in? I mean, my favorite platform was UltraSight, which was like Vercell's thing. It's like a biome linter with a bunch of really good presets. And that was like the single best thing that I've done to add to my linter was UltraSight. Yeah. Don't invent, just use someone else's. That's great. UltraSight. I feel like we've mainly been talking about coding slop, but for my customers, they don't want imaginary clinical trials popping up in sort of questions they're asking. And so for us, it's really been getting these things to only rely on what they site and working really, really hard on that retrieval layer. So we're getting the agents all the data they need. It's really just good retrieval. And so if there is slop, it's like the absence of information, because we didn't retrieve the right data. It's interesting. It's like almost as if we need a deterministic linter for clinical trials. We could call it biome. Sorry, guys. All right. You shouldn't build your own open claw, probably. So we didn't want to hire a sales team. I was a sole founder for a while. We wanted, if anything, before we hired a salesperson, we were going to hire an engineer. Before we hired a salesperson, we were going to hire an engineer to build a salesperson. I'll make it bigger. It's fine. No, because if you zoom it, then no one else will be able to see the rest of it. I'm just closing. All right. The thesis was before we hire a salesperson, we're going to hire an engineer to build a salesperson. And by build a salesperson, I mean, build tools that scale me as the only salesperson of our company. Ended up like three workflows that I needed to do was like, which accounts need attention? Who do we need to talk to? What's the next step? I would do meetings. I would do emails. I would have coffee chats. And I needed a way to take a voice brain dump and just put it into a CRM or take an email and put it into our CRM and then prepare of like, I was tired of showing up to meetings and like, I don't know who this guy is and what company he works for and what company they used to work for. So like getting notes ready to go before meetings, very common AI personal assistant crap. But I was really hardheaded and stubborn. So I built it myself. I started with this journal thing. And oh, come on. Is it your internet or mine, dude? Okay, this is the journal thing. Basically, just like keeping a flat running markdown file. And I would just like delete the last 500 lines on whatever got to the paper and quad everything. And then audio, like basically everything was in the game. You just did everything in markdown. And it was just a pendulum chain of quality and stuff that it had. And we ended up keeping Git as the source of truth. But there was no structure here. There was no way to be like, oh, go just tell me everything about this account. Because it might force it to be super brief. All the news were buried in text. And so it's like, what if we had like structured frontend department? I guess what I was talking about this too, like build a CRM where like there's a flat and plain text part of it. And then there is like a structured part. So you can slice and dice and search for the files. By September, we had built this frontmatter thing. It's a comp hierarchy. There was no formal schema yet. It was just like clauses literally writing things to the markdown frontmatter appendix where I tell you how to run it. There was no connection to any external systems. So you kind of had to like copy and paste emails into a blog section and let it go right through markdown.

around things like that, there was no validation. And so basically what happened was we had to build scripts on top of the front matter to visualize our CRM pipeline. And then we ended up with, the challenge we had was, how do I say this? The cloud would just hallucinate new fields, new stages, new names for opportunity types, new things in the structure. So the first thing we did, of course, was everyone writes these scripts, you register a calendar, register email, validate and structure out these marked down files, sync things bidirectionally to Airtable. Airtable was sort of scary. That ended up not working. We did the important CSV from our wait list. The Airtable sync, we ended up dropping. We don't do the wait list imports anymore. We don't care, and we're looking at like, hey, these didn't work for us, so we decided to change the product. But there were still a bunch of accounts, mostly manual, and me having to go remember to send the information. You need to do a lot of session and have access to this stuff. So we turned quite a bit on Chrome. So we did like, get all that things in a cron of just like, hey, go read all this stuff and send a message in Slack of like, what are the top accounts and what needs to be done so that I wouldn't have to remember to check it. And then we'd go and read through all this stuff and pull out the front matter, and goddamn, Claude loves to find 10 different ways to serialize and deserialize the ML out of the markdown file. But eventually we got to make this campaign file. And so this thing, these are fake company names, but basically we would get these, I got this from Jim, but we'd get these companies of just like, who's using it and what are they doing? Can we use it in one of the stages they're in? This is completely non-interactive. This is just like, we would build this HTML page, send it in Slack, upload it to a private S3, and screenshot it also, and send the screenshot to Slack as well, like open it in a headless browser. Just dumb things that nobody wants, because we didn't feel like making traditional SAS or using traditional SAS. So we built this cron, we built this playwright stuff. We run the PlotAgent SDK and bypass permissions. Problem is the campaign cards had no usage data in them. And there was no product to CRM when it came. So we had no idea who in the user table for the product was actually a markdown file. It was in this private repo. Then again, Claude kept making up things. And so all the scripts, the parts that marked down deterministically to build HTML would have been in rank and finally broke all the time. It was terrible. And so we tried to pull an extra weekly active user and the activity per week for each user into this stuff. So we had to go iterate over everything in our WorkOS thing, because we decided not to even have a user table. So we're pulling from our internal APIs of our VPN and then pulling from WorkOS and then joining it together with a bunch of markdown files. It was weird. And we had to like tunnel through our internal admin system from GitHub Actions and build this identity map of who's in CRM and who's in WorkOS and who needs to be pulled in from one to another so we can keep doing this reporting. And then we also added schema enforcement. So Vibe coded a CLI to make sure that the only stages that an account can be in is these seven stages. Claude would just make, we had 45 different CRM stages for various layers of the same thing. So then we got to add usage stuff, VPN tunnels stuff, so we still have that, I hate it. We still have to manually like link up like users from our product into our markdown stuff. I don't know what feature request this is, but there's something there. External ID on the hotkits user. Interesting. Yeah. We'll fix it. We'll fix it over drinks. Okay, amazing. So it's still a lot of moving pieces. I would rather just have a public API. It's weird. We're still processing emails manually though. So I looked up this thing called MyMX, which is really cool. Where basically any email to a specific email address, they won't tell you who it is, but it is very locked down. Don't try to send things to Client CRM, it won't work. But we have a Lambda that runs it for MyMX, which then uploads the email and goes to the next three and then sends a web book from GitHub Actions and downloads the whole email body. And then we send that to the Cloud in a GitHub Action, which then like invokes our CRM writer agent, which then takes whatever was in the email, whether I forwarded an email through my phone or like, I can do this right now. Let's see. All right, you can see what it is. Like I said, it's locked down. Let's try this. That's very secure. We could have never guessed that. Nobody uses that. TG is the real pesky. All right, so I just had a chat with Michael from WorkOS. So please update the CRM entry for Michael that he's gonna make me a feature or he's gonna teach me how to use external IDs on our stuff. Okay. So I can just send this. I literally do this after every meeting. I get off of the meeting, I'm full of superhuman. I turn on voice mode on my iPhone. Here's what happens with the emails. One, I don't have to talk to Client, I don't have to pull up the Client page on my phone. I do know how to do that and I know people here are all doing that, but I would email the interface. Sorry, Brian, just seeing. Anyways, what this is gonna do is trigger this whole pipeline. I can actually go and show you the GitHub Actions. Maybe they're running. I think I'm way over time, by the way, guys, but I'm just gonna give this a shot. So, yeah, so this is processing that email and we should be able to see, actually, the CloudAgency beta run going. And here we'll work. So, yeah, we just got the thing and then here's the user message, which is a custom prompt, you use a custom skill to invoke a sub-agent to actually go through and read a bunch of context about the company and then go update a bunch of our files. And then at the end, it's gonna send a Slack message. So if I have an interaction with a customer, all I have to do is send an email to this thing and within 10 minutes, it's updated in CRM and a Slack message gets sent in our channel so that all the other people on the team or on the radar of customers can see every single update, every single conversation I've had with every customer. And yes, we will. Oh, don't show that. Sorry. That's, yeah, okay. That will be the biggest thing. That will be with Mario. Yeah, Mario, please take that one out. We love all our competitors. All right, I guess we won't show that part. But basically what it does is it gets a Slack message and you can say, hey, let's talk to this person in this channel. Where are the slides? Okay, so CRM writer agent that goes to the CRM and the Slack message comes out. Amazing. So this is the function that runs in Lambda. It also does this daily sales pipeline and next steps and last actions. So yeah, that was the thing we built. Plot sometimes makes duplicate contacts. The name management sucks because if you're using transcript mode and you don't have like a genius model, like I have six different people with the same name, like different spellings of the same name. And I'm like, no, those are all the same person. I don't check the names. So the thing that comes next is like, I want to do a help loop on this. I was literally just waking up every hour and say like, find a way to be, find something that needs to be done in CRM and go do it. I haven't given him my email credentials yet. We'll not get any emails to my open claw, but that's kind of the step that we had to take. That's, I'm afraid for me that, I do sit in my laptop on Sunday morning and run the prompt six times and see what it comes up with. And it is yet to actually start doing useful things. So we have to figure that out. Similar to the open claw heartbeat, but yeah, this is basically like what guardrails does this need and how should we give it access to systems where if it wants to do a risky thing, it can go do it. This breaks constantly. I'm in the middle of refactoring it. I haven't touched it in a week. So everything's broken. Don't do this. But it was fun to make. Do what you're doing. Do fun stuff. Figure this out. Build it for yourself. I don't know. What else do we have? Wow, Claude, you have a lot to say. I didn't learn anything. I didn't learn anything. Well, I've learned a lot. Well, I've learned a lot. That's okay. Yeah, and then this is a flow chart of like, I basically told it to go read the whole Git history of this whole repo and two other repos to build this presentation of like, tell me a story about how this system has evolved over time. Anyways, cool. I don't care about this. Wow. All right. Don't let Claude write your slides. That's a terrible takeaway. Thanks, everybody. So that's, is the lesson here? You don't build it in three files. It's okay. And you ask for that takeaway. It's like, don't build it and expect to get good results. But like, if you're having fun, like you can make a thing that works and like just do weird things. Generate static HTML and send it all over your company and see what happens. One more question? Yeah. If I like. So is the moral of the story just... Hi, I'm Martin. The moral of the story is to use OpenCloud instead of doing this? I don't know. You got it out of the ballroom? Do you trust it? Sort of. Yeah. I heard Kermit say it's really good. I didn't really go deep enough with OpenCloud. I really should. This is the thing. It's like, there's a lot of good builders out there who refuse to use other people's stuff. It's just like, why would I build it myself?

I'm trying to go and solve the evidence. You want to do that one? Yeah. Firstly, thank you, everyone, for coming out on a Saturday and making time out. Thank you, everyone. We wanted to put it in style, no fixed agenda, try and have topics that come up as they do. One of the things I do before we close out is go give everyone what they want, which is food. So we'll do that really quickly. Just share a couple of things from everyone. What did you actually learn? Did you learn something? Are you going to go home and change one thing? Are you going to go make an open call right now? Anyone want to go? Fight, slop, and slop. Fight, slop, and slop. OK, that's a good one. Anyone else? Rust. She's going to learn Rust. It's one of my answers. You guys don't learn Rust unless you write it. Don't learn that last bit without learning Rust. You have to prune your code in Rust. Prune your code in Rust. Well, it's slightly funny that Andrew talked about it went viral from, who is it, Greg Brockman. He made this tweet. He was like, writing code in Rust is really good for agents because if it compiles, then it's provably correct. And then everyone piled on and started dumping on him. Like, that's not really that true. People write bad Rust code all the time. But maybe it will be true. Here we go. In practice, I've seen the same. When it compiles, it mostly works. That's true, yeah. Yeah. That's pretty good. That makes quick concurrency. Well, yeah, the unsafe bug that Antonio talked about was a totally different beast. Yeah. All right, what else? Avoid Rust. Let's talk about non-Rusty stuff that we learned. Yeah, what we're talking about. We've done this on the Rust conference. I just named Tyler. You guys will get used to it. Sorry, I promised him. Yeah, it's just like, it seems like memory, as well as how agents communicate with each other, like topics everyone's thinking about right now. So we'd love to learn more from people about that and purely the architectures we have. Cool, yeah? Just like the OPM language, my name's Ian. I'm also a consumerist. Tyler, I kind of made it up, because it's not my style. How do you build AI for armies? Yeah. What are the armies we don't want to think about or we'll never learn about in context when we don't? Christian, I've been learning about the blank. I feel like there's been a general trend towards people using virtual file systems for agents and seeing that there were at least one talk here about that, which was very interesting, especially with, I usually see people talk about it with regard to mounting a database or something like that. But this was like a different application, CDR to use, which was very interesting. Cool. Will, do you want to share something? Or you can just say, I'll repeat. Yeah, I can share. Two things. One is memory, which we talked a lot about. And I really want to think about how does memory work and store it in an event or organization like Google Chrome? Because I think, first of all, it looks great. But organizational, the private or public chain, and the other thing is useful for and kind of employ a challenge. OK. I want to ask one quick question, actually, because a few people brought up membrane. I know there's a lot of conversation and products that talk about memory. How many of you walk away being like, I feel like I can buy memory or a memory, I can buy memory off the shelf, like as a product? Anyone? OK, no one. How many of you can buy memory infrastructure as a product? OK, a few people. How many of you are like, no, memory's something with the building house? Interesting. OK, so memory feels more like SQL schemas, not SQL, is for at least a few people in here. Well, I like that. And you don't buy SQL schemas. You're like, no, it's like compaction. I think we all learn. We can do it more quickly. I think memory is like compaction. If you've been hacking on this stuff, I think you've probably learned compaction is very, very, very domain-specific. And memory feels intuitively like it follows along the same lines. That doesn't mean you can't buy it from somebody. It just means that if you buy it from somebody, it can give you domain-specific hoax, maybe. Want to play bloody hoax? Yeah. I guess it's your thing. John, I brought this up in my talk. Yes, I think you definitely need a domain-specific. And I also noticed that data engineers are just nationally very good at managing those memory-building pipelines. So it doesn't feel like a natural skill set, maybe like an evolution of traditional Spark jobs, just like building a data model on SQL. It's like, now we're going to have Spark jobs, some SQL jobs getting remembered in. It feels like we take those same engineers and have them build that. So your job title changes from data engineer to memory engineer. Whoa. To continue on. Oh, Gangadhar again. Sorry. Anything memory, I'm trying to be in the memory space. So memory can be bought. But right now, it's not there yet, because everybody's seeing memory as files and file systems. File systems are terrible memory, because especially, as you see, you need some schema, something to hold together, similar types together. But when the types come in, who is creating them? How do you keep them all sync and coherent? It becomes its own task. So you need a system where, because people are still figuring it out, they're not there yet to see, like, oh, yeah, how do someone create a reusable schema across all of these things? Then they will come into attributes. Then they will come into a Sparkle, RDF, a triple store. That's something that people don't want to touch yet. That's where it feels like there's a disconnect, because people don't want to go into these older technology. I mean, older, but not really. That's why I built all of my database on top of a triple store and all of the whole everything that in application is stored as triples. So it is going to get there, but things are harder to build. They're going to get there. It's almost like if you want half of your code base to be English and the other half to be code. It's almost like what we really want to solve some of these problems. Someone was there trying to say something about what they learned. Yeah, I thought the, Karthik, I thought the talk about open platforms was very interesting. I think there's a clear shift towards the model providers owning more and more of the stack, especially with the cloud managed agents. I mean, previously we had these LLM models that it was just next token prediction, but I think everyone is building agents and it's clear that cloud is kind of restricting people from building their own agent loops and having, it's moving to the cloud. They're owning the session history. They're probably going to restrict the subscription so that it only works with the cloud managed agents. So I think it's just a very important thing to think about where everything, every app has a chat box and I think these model providers know and they don't want to be model providers anymore. They want to be agent providers. So it's just interesting to see where things will go. I love that. I think one of the things that's become clear in the last four months with all of the like crazy, things getting shut down by model providers and stuff is that basically- Which model provider? I will not be naming the model provider. Someone else can do that if they want to. Thropic. What? All right. There's one model provider and Thropic is their name. That basically, we're all here in this room because we have perhaps chosen and believe that there is a thing worth building that is worth building outside of the major labs. And of course, I'm sure all the major labs would disagree vehemently with us. And so actually, that was one of my favorite talks of the day is like, how do we as builders trying to make cool stuff like continually like try to keep up and do things that, okay, the labs probably won't do that or we can do that better than the labs or we can do it better than they're willing to do it. And you know what I'm saying? If you go back to kind of like the nineties and Microsoft was notoriously hostile for this and they paid gravely in their brand reputation over the next decade where they basically just lost all credibility in early 2000s because of their hostility in the early 1990s. And I think honestly, what ended up doing is that's what gave room for like Google and Linux to really rise. And what I find fascinating is like, Microsoft did all this other work with open source like TypeScript, VS Code and all this stuff. And now we all love them again. Like they actually bought GitHub and like the world did not shut down and stop using GitHub. They're like, fine, Microsoft will do it. You could argue they kind of ruined GitHub, but whatever. GitHub was interesting. Anyway, it's built on Ruby on Rails, right? Or something like that. Anyway, separate conversation. No, you have to ask. We'll learn something interesting. Encore. Nope. We come to you, buddy. Encore. Well, I think there's one comment or question I had or comment I had on the open versus closed thing. I think the demand for intelligence is just limitless and we underestimate how much we actually want intelligence. So there's a question of open versus closed, but I actually think like, just extend what exists. Like do more rather than like try and make what is closed open. But maybe a different discussion. I think one of the things that I learned

was that I'm not the only one who actually wants to code with visual diagrams. That is, I actually, it's something that I've wanted for a long time, but for some reason it felt like that's not what coders want, but I think there's actually a growing group of people who actually realize that diagrams are a way to distill your thoughts even further than words, and it's cool to be able to see other people starting to work in that space. Okay, just a couple quick comments. Name. Tyler. So, first of all, I think it's like really terrifying to think about the idea that there's a bunch of founders that have really good ideas for agentic products, but are too scared to pursue them out of fear of a model provider disrupting them, and I think the reality is like there's so many cool ideas that people have, and they're just not willing to try those startups, so I hope that there's some way that we can enable those founders to continue, whether it's through open source or whatever, to try those things, because there's just so much value to gain from building new interfaces. And then just a quick comment on memory. I think heartbeat is a really good way to think about how new memory should be created, because the thing about a heartbeat is an agent wakes up with no context, so what do you give it each time? This is what we've had in the data engineering world, right, is like write it the way you're gonna read it, is like put the data and organize it in such a way that whatever is gonna be reading it next, agent waking up from a heartbeat, like optimize for the thing that it's gonna be used for, right? Totally, yeah, yeah, so I think there's just so much work to do there in terms of rebuilding kind of the conversation for that type of an agent. Who else wants to share a thought? Hi. All right, let's call this the last one. Yeah, last one, Ishan, one thing I thought that was interesting was voice, you know, being an interface for, you know, coding agents and different tasks, it was Quindla's talk. I think there's inherent limitations, as we're talking about with reasoning for voice models, and I think that that's a bottleneck, but once that's solved, that unlocks like so many different possibilities within the realm of, I mean, it takes having a personal assistant to like a whole nother level, so I thought that was, that was an interesting talk, yeah. Cool. Thank you guys for coming. Yeah, thanks, this was awesome. We're gonna do one thing really fast before I forget, which is we'll take a quick selfie. Okay. Go get some food, and you guys will chat people. Yep, and then we are gonna be, all right, let's do it. I'll stand down here. Sorry, you're taller than me. Can you guys get in? Yeah. Everyone come on in the middle. I've got 1% battery life left. All right. All right, three, two. All right, thank God, everyone. Amazing. Thank you guys. Thanks, everybody. We are here until probably like 6, 5, 6, 7, 8, until probably like 6, 45, and then we gotta start moving out. If anyone wants to keep hanging, we'll go to a brewery down the street, Standard Deviant. You know, just, you know, we'll start kicking people out about 45 minutes. We got food over there. We got drinks over there. Hang out, chat, whatever you wanna do. No one's listening to me anymore. They're done, they're yapping.